Yeah, I'm happy that at least ff works. But Opera's been broken ever since the breakage began. :(
it uses the same plugin?
Yes.
basically, i was being careless.  what do I find in there? I looked but wasn't sure what to look for
sorry. /var/log/[URL]mething.log. you want to look for some kind of Error. Fatal's are good ;)
okay. on the startup, i found an error. i think it was saying it failed to load hw_random. something like that
paste in #flood
called it Fatal
nice.
, let me get that.  i'm sending it in #flood.  did you see what i posted?
yep. looking at it
k
hrm im not sure how to help you with that one.
that all?.  check out this, maybe this is helpful
I got single disk to work but I have multiple disks
??
partman doesn't seem to support multiple disks
does anyone else here run nvidia SLI on their machines?
ok, ignore me. and yes, i do.
I am running an Asus M2N-SLI deluxe edition with dual nvidia 8600GT (256MG DDR3)
oh, sorry.
I wasn't ignoring you, lol, I was just typing.. and I'm kinda slow at it lol
i know my bad, i apologise. errr... iirc the M2N range had a few problems with the bios mem?
I have 4GB of DDR2 RAM also.. with the AMD 6400+ proc @ 3.2GHz... I am trying to figure out why SLI won't work and why my dual 500GB hadd's keep giving me errors on bootup.  if that's the case, should I try a bios update then?
please do
I am now kinda gunshy at it since I fried my Gigabyte mobo by trying to flash it lol
hang in here for a sec..  back ;)
I know that the Asus has an EZ Flash 2 flash setup, but still, I am REALLY kinda scared, heh...
pftt.  just go for it imo
I probly will be, as soon as I can get it installed and grab what I need first. I think it's installing ok this time... I hope......
my VPN from home to work is playing up. bear with me.
no problem
Hmm. Well, is there another way to get some other packages like psi?
Well the thing is  sometimes when even trying to get into Recovery Mode it hangs after loading the CDRom Drive and shows ANSI: 05. ?
so use text mode (no x), you can pretty much fix all from console, press e in grub and add text option. if it fails try live cd
Where do I add the text option ?. remove quiet and splash?. Put text?
in kernel line, instead of quiet splash
k
what do you mean sometimes?
Well in recovery mode it sometimes boots in and sometimes doesn't and gets stuck.. I added the text option and now it's asking for login and password. I know my pass -.-, but have no idea what it wants for the login..
i suspect your username
=-p. I tried it.. There we go.. Now it's just sitting at "primedeath@primedeath-linux:~$
check logs (/var/log) and try... dpkg. what is command to fix X? reconfigure what?
"Gtk-warning". Cannot opend display..  Excuse my complete ignorance.
for what command?.  one is sudo dpkg-reconfigure -phigh xserver-xorg, but before try xinit -- :1 vt7, search for broken instalations and kernel and system logs should show whats wrong
I did the recovery mode to fix broken packages, all were fine..  xinit -- :1 vt7 took me to a very tiny looking shell in the upper left of the screen.. I cannot input commands.
move mouse to it...
I cimoment. moment*. SOrry, back . Should I do the dpkg thing now?
try startx.  in this small terminal.  you under gnome, are you?
xinit : no such file or directory (errno 2) unable to connect to X server. No such process (errno 3) Serve Error. Server*. Aye, GNOME
install gdm, but first from those small, white terminall run for examplae nautilus
Okay, Nautilus worked.. Started with errors though... "gconf_value_free: Assertion ` value != Null ' faled
startx should also work in same way, if not try sudo apt-get install gdm
Okay, I'll have to restart unless you know another way to get another terminal going. It's stuck showing Nautilus errors at the moment.
Alt Ctrl F2 or F3
Nothin'
ups.. is Caps Lock still working?
? Huh? Caps lock works fine but has no use, heh.
can u hover with mouse terminal and press Ctrl-Z
Oh neat
?
I do apt-get install gdm but just says it's already the newest version
if you killed nautilus try startx.  if not kill %1
Magic. It started now..  It started but I hope it'll work upon reboot.
check logs first. for sure u need to reinstall something ro remove, you can use same method or change grub option.
which log file do I look at?
check your drivers if any and run apt-get with self check optons
The only driver I use that's third party is ATI's.
what can be problem also services in your sytem (start up stuff), remove all you do not need... and upgrade.
excuse my ignorance once again. Where are the startup items located?.  It's to the point where I won't find out what exactly went wrong. I think I am going to format the ext4 partition and reinstall. Going to mvoe all my files to my NTFS partition (setup files) and start again. I know I should learn how to fix this at the moment. I just don't have the time.
dont give up ;) or remove X (and gnome) to have more fun
LOL. I am a student and I just need my OS to work so i can continue to study!. So, blech!. Haha... Don't get me wrong, I wouldn't shy away from this if ti was any other day.
what version are you using? 10.04?
10.10. Also, the thing is. I don't know why changing my theme first slowed everything down.... Caused graphical lag and the video that was playing started to skip. Then I went to restart,a nd bam.. Stuck at the desktop background.. No HDD Activity.
no, terminal history
open nautilus and browse to /home/yourusername press ctrl+h to show hidden files is there a file called .bash_history there?
yes, there is a .bash_history file there
right click that file choose properties>permissions is it set to read write and your user name in owner and gropup. group
I just checked. it was not owned by me. So I changed the ownership of the file. Was this the only cause. If so then I can confirm this on next boot.
yeah still got the problem.  I can receive but not send!
software & updates --> Addition Drivers and it looks like I have fglrx-updates
ajulmira: Additional drivers is pretty smart, but, what retruns from terminal command -> lspci -nnk | grep -iA3 vga <- (maybe no longer supported card ?)
01:00.0 VGA compatible controller [0300]: Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. [AMD/ATI] Tahiti PRO [Radeon HD 7950] [1002:679a] Subsystem: PC Partner Limited / Sapphire Technology Device [174b:3000] Kernel driver in use: fglrx_pci. 01:00.1 Audio device [0403]: Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. [AMD/ATI] Tahiti XT HDMI Audio [Radeon HD 7970 Series] [1002:aaa0]. The driver seems to work fine if I start up through the advanced option in grub and just resume.
thanks... i've got a 300 GB 2nd drive just installed ubuntu onto, gave it the whole drive
then / and /home are on the same ~300 GB partition, so it doesn't matter if you're installing them for your user into /home/username or as root
what's a software that shows a graphical use of the mount points? i'll load that and let you know,
Accessories > Disk Usage Analyzer.  but if you let ubuntu take the whole drive, you should only have one mount point at /
so / and /home, ok, nodidng... running Disk Usage Analyser on filesystem, really cool! :). uh, oh... / reports 100%, usr 80.6 % /var 12.7 %
that doesn't mean % full, just % of total
can i check the mount point with that utility also? or another one?
which mount point?
hope i'm asking intellingent questions.... well, you said just / should be mounted, not / and /home i took it to mean?
nono. what I'm saying is that your /home directory is on the same partition as every other directory, so you'd be using the same space whether you installed as your user or as root
well, ok, now i'm scanning 'home' and it shows that my download and desktop and music are only going to be 4.0 kb. ok, i understand you
sometimes / and /home are on different partitions, or different drives, and then what i said above are not necessarily the case
thank you. so all is ok, but when I install Ardour for instance, as i just did, which directory did that go to, as default
sure thing. the only other thing i'd recommend is that, if you're installing programs that exist in the ubuntu repositories, use the ones in the ubuntu repositories and install using apt-get, aptitude, or synaptic.  depends, how did you install it?.  (installing with the ubuntu software center is fine, too)
ahhh, good info, thanks  i installed from my login  that i created at the installation process time, and i used Ubuntu Software Package. i've used synaptic, ok. in the past I've used synaptic, so Ubuntu Software install is oktoo ?
okay, good, that's how you should install things :) when you install using any of those tools, the files are scattered in a few different places, depending on what they are. user binaries go to /usr/bin, libraries to /usr/lib, some extra stuff to /usr/share, ...
thank you a lot! I'm going to go now, and I'll look over the logs of this conversation too!.  I appreciate it, good bye! :)
squid cache?
I want to be able to ssh into my server using IPv6, so I'll need an address with global scope.
its a cisco ASA which works with the other 400 pcs in the building... which plugs into a cisco 4500 switch and then into this computer... the local dns server plugs into the same switch
soooo many new things to learn. lol. i used to date a girl from kaunas. brb hafta reboot
!hi
ok....do i have to run nvidia-settings from root to get the settings to stick?
well, yes.. then you have to save them.
indy how do i run it from root?
gksudo nvidia-settings
ty youre a fantastic help
its got nothing to do w mounting, its a UPS
aha! I thought it's a usb disk.  /var/log/messages shows nothing when you plug it?
its plugged into a server far, far away...
you can't access that server via ssh?
im there already, i just stated that on the question "... from terminal? besides restarting udev... "
I could really use it :P. ;/
jrib: returns nothing.  returns nothing
ps e | grep firefox
returns nothing also
That's Networking Tools. :/
soudray: yeah wlell i got his ubuntu on a p4, i wnna put this hardrive into a computer with an amd
p4/amd won't be a problem
basically, i got another computer but don't wanna reinstall and reconfigure everything
it's worth a try.
yeah i'll try it
can I do that permanently? so that everytime I run dist-upgrade, it'll skip it?
you mean in ./resized/?
does it look logical?
frank: it's essentially correct as-is.
but it's not working for me
Just type in the path when you generate the key. Name it uniquely.
I'll try again
maybe dsa not rsa, also. and edit ~/.ssh/config
I don't have a ~/.ssh/config
they're good to have handy (.ssh/config file). Makes things easier when you try to login from the machine that has the ~/.config file to the one with only ~/.ssh/authorized_keys.. I meant ~/.ssh/config of course. typo.
sorry, you say that makes it easier but, how is a mystery
it allows you to skip the command line parameters and just type 'ssh myremotehostname'.
ic, well for now I want to keep the steps to a minimum, but thx
ok.  thanks
yeah ext3
14.04. WNDA4100 Netgear
you might wanna search your syslog and dmesg logs to see whats happening exactly
so it's not a common problem?
didnt hear of many netgears having issues here
its a usb dongle, not a router
fully updated to 14.04.3?
yup. LTS
checked additional drivers section, if other usefull drivers showup?.  maybe check netgears website also for latest linux drivers for your dongle, or known issues/firmware
only my amd driver
yes
how do i enable that?
use synaptic. system-administration->synaptic package manager
i am using synaptic, and as far as i know, restricted is already enabled
hmm
i have the xfree-fglrx. err, i have it available
add these reps [URL]
i already did that, but maybe ill try downloading their [URL]st
no did not remove quiet... no warnings the ubuntu screen appears... the yellow line goes to the right then the time the display manager starts it just hangs at random.. not all the time. how do i remove the quiet kernel option
i installed that but i only get low resolutions. i installed that but i only get low resolutions. i installed that but i only get low resolutions
so I cant go directly from flac?
no.  you can try flac -d *.flac | lame -h -. for a full directory of flac
sorry I'm not too good with command lines, but I need to copy everything over to a new folder, like from ~/Music/foo to ~/Mp3 Music/foo
hrm ok..cause I had 3d support before I upgraded to feisty and now its gone :(
Should be but if you are getting an unable to connect that may be my first thought
so there's no system wide way to do it?
karmic...
er, yeah, the latest stable
yeah, running Adobe Flash 10.0 r42
would you mind telling me some of the conflicting solutions? I'm curious. I'd be happy to give you my solutions
some ranging from recompiling kernel, others suggest ati specific settings in xorg. Havent found much about the intel settings.
wine. wat version. ok thx
uhm i have issues building the crappy driver
yea... tell me about it.  it took forever to get working
uhm okay. :D
only some of them work too.  how are you building it
i got 046d:08f6. with driver qc-usb-messenger-1.7. i got 046d:08f5 as well if that one works better. i tried with make install and the included ./quickcam.sh script.  [URL] this is the failure
use modprobe
which module?. quickcam nvm.  [11398.151142] usbcore: registered new interface driver quickcam. it does not say it registered a /dev/videoX
you need qc-usb
not qc-usb-messenger?
either should be fine.  do you have module-assistand. *assistant
yes
are you using it to compile
uhm no. should I?
uh huh.  type sudo m-a
then?
first scroll to update, and hit enter to update.  then prepare
ok, got both
then select and scroll until you find the driver and hit space to select it
ok, got it
then tab and do "ok"
binary package not found
what'd that come up after
i don't understand?
nerolinux is only for suse, debian and fedora isn't it ?
no..  works perfect for me.
how much does it cost ?
Hm.. Sounds scary...
and other installed application too ?
any clues?.  it's stopping me from using the upgrade tool
sry, not really.. I'm not too what the problem is..
the problem is easy http_proxy (the environment variable) is set and I don't know from where
I installed something from source in /opt, should it do it on it's own?
it shouldn't need to use ldlibrary path as it will have been linked at compile time
oh ok...is there a way to check this just to be sure?
lol. I can't figure out how to get it back
When you get GPG key error : the public key is not available: NO_PUBKEY FC6D7D9D009ED615. you can use the following to add the key:. sudo apt-key adv --recv-keys --keyserver [URL] FC6D7D9D009ED615.  ^^^
okay, I'll try. now it just keeps requesting a key. and nothing
i've been doing that but then i'd have to star everything up....my browser and all the tabs, im sure you can appreciate the benefits of suspending a laptop?. so shutting is down is not an option.
ubuntu version?
14.04.3. perfectly up to date running on a dell precision m3800. thats why it's strange that it doesnt work. maybe it's because i dont have swap?
check your syslog and dmesg.  and try laptop-mode-tools
great, thanks! i was going to dig into it, but thought i'd ask here - maybe it's a frequent question. thanks for the help  +1
tail -f /var/log/syslog and go suspending might spit out some usefull things also perhaps?
. got it. cat /proc/acpi/wakeup. show you all the wakeup calls. i disabled all of them except PWRB & LID0
solved now?
i hope so, i disabled the lid too and only allowed the power button to wake the laptop. man this laptop get scary hot in my bag. im sure it wont last log if this happens to frequently
did you vacuum clean it once?
no it's brand new.  ^^. heheeh. har har
yes
where is this wiki?
[URL]
should it be all crackly???
it should just be noise.. regular "turn on the radio between stations" noise
any idea what i could do next? ;).  i have no idea how to go about this.  i'm looking at the man pages now
I'm not on friendly terms with alsa myself.. we have a small agreement.. I don't mess with it and it keeps working most of the time..=)
i was like that too, then it just stopped working. also on my windows dual boot :(
I'm sorry.. can't really help you with that.. perhaps someone else can
thanks for the help!
great idea! Thanks
I can't remember if these computers have 2GB or 3GB of ram. old windows xp computers
Are they single core?.  Or dual core?
The sticker says Athlon x2. So dual core I guess
yeah
mount /dev/sda /mnt/somewhere. mostly /dev/sda if you dont have other SCSI disks. ehm,, or sda1
mount: you must specify the filesystem type. what should i put?
its a possiblity, just hasnt happened until recently, and I have had the same laptop since August.. Either an update or me messing with powertop. Guess I can try shutting down without powertop tweaks to confirm
What kind of laptop is it?
a Lenovo Ideapad Z570
did you use sudo?
nalidixic install Wine
I can find some entries with "find . / -name "*zlib*" but cant be sure which one is install path
aptitude install zlib1g-dev.  usually when compiling you need to install development versions of packages. the development libraries have code that the runtime libraries do not.
that command fixed my problem , thank you dearly
it's there,  : [URL]
how is that supposed to work? i've tried to configure it as best i can but when i connect the the 'non internet' interface it cuts me off the internet
then set the default route to the lan with the internet
how can i do that?
because of?
because thats how the cloud system works
hmm k, but installing the frontend into a virtualbox on my laptop shouldnt be a problem or?
nah my mouse still works. and programs won't start but running ones work like normal
what r u doing when it stops working?
different stuff. i was just using my browser. sometimes i'm watching movies
I have read it, it still isn't really clear.
-> the nic has to know what is the broadcast address
So, it's the same as my static IP?
-> nope, do you mind doing a tutorial on networking?
Not at all, have a link or something?
-> not off hand, let me google one for you
Is it even necessary?. .. to write it in I meant.
-> [URL] perhaps chapter 4
thanks. I can't just leave it empty by any chance?
-> try it, and see how it goes
I don't have a router or anything, it's just static..  what is the network in there then? :D. I only know of my IP, Gateway and DNS.. Oh, and netmask.
-> i can not explain to you all the minute details, you really have to do a network tutorial
I just meant what I should write there. :D. But yeah, I guess you're right.
-> it is easy to tell you what to put, but your are questioning why..then you must do a tutorial to get a deeper understanding
I'm sorry if I'm being ignorant. I just want my connection up and running, it's messing with me.. I'm dual-booting so it's a pain to troubleshoot.
-> explain or elaborate on your network layout.. and please use the nick prefix so your messages will not be missed
it's just a wired network, straight from my card to the wall, and I have a static IP..  I guess that's it? :)
whats behind that wall? your ISP ?
yeah. Nothing in between, no firewall, no DHCP router.
i have the menu with multiple linux distros i can choose from. i just want to know which distros grub is the one that i see
the destro you see when grub boots as default? I don't understand that.  grub is not a destro it can boot many different destro
i installed multiple linux distros. each of the installed grub. i dont know which one ive installed least and i want to figure out which ones grub is the active one
whats the command for saving the session?
sorta like intel boost? Whats so special with intel boost so? Thanks
i ahve no idea.  it doesnt sound like its spinning faster than normal'
well is your computer slow when using FF?
no i dont think so
no, i do not think so..  how would i know?
i putty over to a lamp server w/ zenoss and suddnly the connection is lost (software reset) . after that I can't reach the box until some period of time
hmmm.....are you sure it is a SSH server issue? If you have physical access to the server, maybe you can try running tcpdump on it
it seems the server refuses my connection , even for http after i lose ssh. as soon as i re-establish ssh connection - everythinke else works.  also, other machines on the same network, can access the machine when i can't
yeah... been there. the user option doesn't work
dralid: where is that button?
by default in the upper right corner of the screen is a sound icon, right click and go to open volume control, then go to the recording section.
dralid: there are many drivers? but i still cant call people on skype? "problem with the audio playback"
a command to start the net. i put in : echo "password" | sudo /etc/init.d/networking restart
you should be putting it in /etc/rc.local not /etc/init.d/rc.local
thats strange. i thought etc was configuration and init.d was boot. okz thankyou
i'm logged into the server luckily. but I think I broke it earlier hwen I did a apt-get auto-remove. how can I check what the issue is?
I've tried the `dd` method, but it does not seem to work for me :/. Okey, so do you know what commands I have to use?
No, it doesn't mount already. That is the issue
when plugged in or plugged when booted?
I guess most tiling wwindow managers don't automount, if I run nautilus, it will mount but besides that.. it won't automount booted or plugged in on any of my tested tiling window managers
Ah, must be a config somewhere.. or missing driver, never used the manger is all. can you mount from the cli
I need a full fledged solution, nothing is missing. I need to actually come up with an automount solution, that is why I asked lol.. willee: Yeah, mounting works fine. willee: is it possible to have my Windows Manager load up the default actions that Unity would take?. I mean like the exact same file
ant install is the command?
ant is like make. It follows whatever instructions are in build.xml to compile/install the program.
yeah its a java program, so do i enter ant install build.xml
usually ant install there should be a README.txt or such
it says the "ant" command isnt found.  which is strange because I have java installed and have used iot
with wich options?
scnuffle: google and everything is alright
i think so
!tell  about skype
it has something to do with the file
i installed ndi wrapper
ya i have amarok but i need some help
I would prefer to not reboot if possible..  I also use kubuntu
i do have windows in a VM with Virtualbox, but unfortunately the microphone does not work. i only need Windows to test a Voip app we are developing, so i need it :-)
data
you can use brasero for a gui, or dd for the terminal.  which do you prefer?
terminal
dd if=/location of=[URL]o.  ^^
oh im not making one right now  this is for future reference. in case i have to tonight
yes
Research! It's the only solution to ignorance. You don't need a ton of RAM. You don't need a UPS. But you seem to have an agenda, so I'll concede all your points and move on with life. :P
yeah, you don't need to have a lot of ram, you can also settle with a slow fs. for no good reason
Conceded! Next?
yes that would be it, an article about it?
get it's uuid with blkid.  then type nano /etc/fstab and add it there. UUID=<uuid> <mountpoint> <file system type> errors=remount-ro 0 1. or use whatever options you want.  you need sudo to edit it btw
how does this look? UUID=51DDB6994E6674F0 /mnt/caddy ntfs errors=remount-ro 0 1
it's ok, give it a shot, caddy has to be created first though
wanted to ask that
so sudo mkdir /mnt/caddy
with root permissions right?. ah ok
It still feels super unstable. Spotify doesnt work, windows have "seizures" so to speak when i minimize maximize open or close them.
yes.  like if i have a song of van halen in the best of both worlds album, i want it to be placed under /Van Halen/Best of Both Worlds/song.mp3. in the music folder...
thanks  :). wow  ;) nice!
but i cant. software updater ony alow to update 15.04. is this some kinda bug?
uname -a I guess lists the current header. so you don't delete that good one. Also the synaptics residual cofig. I can't remove those
that's a bug
Yeah cause I can mark for removal but not check apply. so apply doesn't work
basically text in focused software center window is white, can see it only due to shadows
whats up
yer ok cuz pidgin is an ubuntu package...
well I posted in #pidgin as well hehe
have that person im u, and with the im open, right click their name in the upper left, and choose unblock
ok ill give that a try when he gets home. thx
greenjelly , can u check with livecd ?
no
you could file a regression bug
I'm interested in how to build .deb from a different version of linux. or rather distro
apt-get source and dpkg-buildpackages -us -uc afterwards.  but, if there are lib dependencies, which cannot be installed.  cause new ubuntu needs the newer libs, there will be a big problem
Won't apt-get source just pull the code from 10?
how many packages do you need?.  if you do it on 8.0.4 you geth them.  for 10 you are right of course
Fritsch: How would I do it from a 10 machine?
you could add src sources for the old version.  and fetch apt-get source with this special version.  apt-get source erlangPackage=1.0.x.y.  what erlang packages do you have installed?
Okay, I guess if I setup the pinnings correctly then I will not end up with more packages from 8 on 10 than I need
i hope so
is there a way to do it without messing around with apt and the sources file?
before rebuilding, you could also add the lucid binary sources.  and install the mdirectly.  meaning add: deb [URL] lucid main restricted universe multiverse
I believe I need, erlang-base, erlang-dev and erlang-nox
apt-get update && apt-get install erlang-base=1.0.x.y.  replacing 1.0.x.y with the version you need
ideally I want to rebuild it on 10 so it is native for 10, then use the PPA to setup future servers
okay, so just get the 8.04 sources, buildpackages, bump your version number, that it is bigger than the 10 version.  i would rather fix the current erlang version.  do you have an error mesage, what happens, if you run your software on the 10 version?
Sadly it isn't that simple
erlang is rather old, so if 10 version is not working anymore, this is a big problem
The code does not compile with a newer version of Erlang, and while updates exist for to correct this. These updates break other things
so the ubuntu erlang version is broken?
Not at all, we are forced to run an old version of ejabberd, and an old version of ejabberd is not compatible with Erlang R13
http://www.erlang-[URL] <- did you have a look here.  oha, okay.  no chance of porting?
No
okay, than there is no other solution, just messing up :-).  let me have a look of the build depends
TBH, I haven't had a change to go through the build deps, I spent a lot of time yesterday on pbuilder - but I was on a 64bit machine, and need to compile for a 32bit one..  However pbuilder didn't seem to setup the tool chain correctly for i386
is there a reason you know of why someone woud publish with a specific name like amd64, if it worked on any 64 bit OS?
It's just tradition to call the 64bit amd64, because AMD was the one who invented the 64 bit extensions
: how about the 386 name, doesn't it also work for 586 and 686?
But it doesn't actually matter if the CPU is AMD or Intel.  Yep.
of course i wouldn't really care, but apparently the package manager apparently is using that as a lookup characteristic.  is there a place we can look to see what ubuntu actually looks for when it's deciding if there's a matching package? Is it x64, amd64, all of the above, etc?.  : Ok, interesting.... [URL]
it just sits there
Was anything written to the MBR? Since GRUB isn't working?
If you run the installation CD with 'expert'mode
Because of SATA, I had to install using "boot: linux pci=noacpi"
rehan: cool that's what i figured thanks
no prob, i'm new to ubuntu too, just started :P
rehan: do you know if i want to reformat it?
yes. Yes .. I am currently in ubuntu
<unconvertable>  ok on desktop upper left side in text go to /system/prefs'/keyboard leftclick it. <unconvertable>  then go to tab "Layouts"
@  done.... done @
<unconvertable>  under "keyboard model search for your keyboard
@  i did that. previously it was generic, not i selected ASUS laptop.
It isnt a wireless card. Its a usb adapter to wifi. Netgear WNDA3100 V2
long story short, if you don't have a CAT5 internet connection you're gonna have to download the .tar.gz and build it from the makefile
A what?
the cable that plugs the internet into your computer directly from the router
ok. the .tar.gz for what?
so, clearing the memory so to speak...
it clear the bind it had with my android phone so my computer could use it
well, this is when the device in question is in discoverable mode, so it's not looking for a specific device to connect to, just any device to connect to.
The one I'm SSHing to.
Everything is already switched to ALSA :(
thank you
I also use utf as the encoding for the database.  I also use utf8 as the encoding for the database
then i dunno. something mangles it along the way ?
probably... Is it perl DBI?
but I never had it before..
can you do me a favour, do you have a live cd on you by chance?
nope sorry... why
webchat:thknx! but can u gimme an example ..?
are all of those safe
not lookin for opinions but more so for which is gonna give the best result with little hassle
i can log in to the machine .. but i have a cursor but no desktop ... i did have a desktop come up once .. but the colors were way skewed
you mean you can log in but then a black screen appears..??
i can log in .. and that is whte ... but then the screen turns black and there is no desktop ... but i have a mouse cursor.  i think its a nvidia issue .. but i forgot how to fix it
have you tried to move to text mode use alt-ctrl-f1.  well had this happened with you earlier.
i am there no.  now.  this started when i upgraded
ya upgrade it screwed my system too..i was also having some nvidia issues when i had to format and reinstall hardy
ok, is there maybe a way to get the video to work ?
may be you should try posting it on some forums..they could help you in a better way...
havent found much ... i know i fixed this once here
you can't even login why do you want to run a video..
i can login ... i am at a desktop ... but its blank
well i think you should try to go to text mode and try restarting gdb
whats the command for it
shadowsulf: sudo /etc/init.d/gdb restart. shadowsulf: then switch back to graphical mode by pressing alt-ctrl-f5 or f7 try both of them i m not sure..
ok, whats the command line to restart gdb
sudo /etc/init.d/gdb restart.  doesn't it work??
checking now
oh i m sorry its "gdm" and not "gdb".  graphical desktop manager (gdm)
thanks
I did that
thanks
success .... thx bandit ....
ok. thanks
so it's a program problem, not linking it?
it works, if you call "/opt/openoffice4/program/soffice" directly?
yes, . I just made aooffice to be a script, that does 'cd /opt/openoffice4/program/ ' and then './soffice' . And it works. Even /usr/bin/soffice (that comes from LibreOffice is actually a script. Only thing that wasn't done was installing AOO menu icons, because .deb provided by Apache does not work on Ubuntu. Must report that to them to fix that
yes, because those change $PWD into the /opt/openoffice.... where other needed files are found. your simple symlink doesn't, so it fails
yes, it is application's problem. Application expect same-named other files on same location, e.g. it is specific to name of executable. Suppose AOO and Libreoffice share that problem, and are for that named soffice still
please tell
CD..
what version?
11.04
32 or 64 bit?
32
how far into the install did you get?
The brown image with the icon on the bottom.. if you know what i mean?
Yeah, always.
and if you log out and back into GNOME?
I think I might have confused it by having the sound card in use with wvdial in tty1 while I was logging in on tty7..  I was wondering if I could do it without that, so I wouldn't have to break an IM conversation.
nVidia Corporation NV11 [GeForce2 MX/MX 400]
are you using the nvidia binary drivers?
I'm not sure. How do I check?
are you on using feisty?
yes.
System -> Admin -> Restricted Driver manager
yes, I see it in the window and it's in use.
well you can use AIGLX. To turn compiz on just go into System->Preferences->Desktop effects
I cannot use desktop effects since the title bars of windows will disappear.
you tried?
I tried enabling desktop effects, but the title bars dissapeared, so I could not move the windows around. Other than that, it worked.
oh well ask in #ubuntu-effects for help witht that
is there an alternative?
wildc4rd, well.. id rather not give sudo permissions to it
want to try some tiling wms?
so will it upgrade my gnome to kde
yeah, that's their new ooxml crap. for office 2007
yes
same thing happened here. I made a wiki page for it.
netgear wg511 v2
broadcom here
well then I want to thank you because if that was the the wiki I used at ubuntus forums it is how I got it working and streaming mythtv to my cable-tv free room
For vsftpd..  For vsftpd.
Okay. I am having some problems. After following this guide [URL] it still doesn't work. I cannot ping the host on the client side and vice versa after connecting
I just followed that guide yesterday for two machines in virtualbox.. it worked for me.. I still have to enable ip_forwarding manuall after I reboot... but apart from that it should work
Maybe I haven't enabled ip_forwarding? How do I do that?
sudo -i then echo 1 > /proc/sys/net/ipv4/ip_forward then exit no reboot needed.. it should start working right away
Nope, still cannot ping. Maybe there is some problem with the eth1 device? Can I check that it is working correctly somehow?
ehm.. I'm not really sure.. network cards usually work if they are detected by lspci and such.. I don't really know how to "test" any other way
Okay..  Is a system reboot required after that ics guide?
thanx tuxicity i'll try that
nope just the file [URL]. no others
sure thing, I'm working on two right now :)
i have a working keyring the problem is it doesn't work into byobu, will this pipe through?
:S  after reading a forum........i found that best way to fix my problem is threw apt-get. as the other guy with the exact same problem that was the only way he won ;)
Well, to use it, start a terminal and use 'sudo apt-get [install/remove/whatever] [package name] .'
does it list or do i have to know the name?
cd
yeah, it didn't list anything
then I don't think you have any drivers for radeons from amd installed at all
i've made sure fglrx is installed. modprobe -l even shows it loaded. or is flgrx just a generic driver? if so, not to bug, but do you know how to get ahold of ati drivers from cli?
if there is no package at all installed which has "fglrx" as part of the name then the drivers are not installed. and you said there'd be none
yeah, but fglrx is installed. i've reinstalled it just to maybe see if it'd fix a broken .conf file somewhere maybe.f
yeah can you recomend one that has no hassle
>> how can i manage this ? apt-get install ?
i would think wget would just have an option for it though
doubt it.. OK .. a simple manpage lookup. -t, --tries=NUMBER set number of retries to NUMBER (0 unlimits).
the man pages doesnt specify what it means as successful.  hopefully only 200 responses
fourteen by nine, I'm not sure what it's set at though. I was using vga with onboard graphics when I switched. I just noticed that in my xserv log file though, it says no screens were detected when it fails
xchat irc
sorry, I thought you said you were "not" using xchat :)
the first time i used it, it asked me if i wanted to quit xchat, but now it doesnt ask anymore and i would like it to ask again
vanilla [URL]st.  no buglogged..
then I suggest you log one
o man.... running a production machine here. need to go live today
so ?.  then you should do proper planning
yeah .. i know ' no guarantees'
no, just proper planning and testing
been testing and planning for 3 months
then how do you not know the package is broken ?
it worked fine 3 weeks ago
so you're deploying a machine on the day it's supposed to go live, that doesn't seem like a good plan.  also as you know ubuntu is updated on a regular basis, have you kept up with the package status for your deployment ?
that is where it went wrong, i have not been at the machine for some weeks
ok, so that's not planning
i know, i scored below average on my ITIL test
log a bug for it
will do
consider using LTS releases 10.04 for example for production use
not that it might interest you, but i built a 9.10 machine in april, for use with my collegues in .nl.. it worked perfectly then. the 'plan' was to hold all updates and upgrades. i am working in congo now, and i need that machine today. the small joke is that someone DID in fact do an upgrade
Thanks so much ....(that's a loooong moniker)
what if I can't access X?
Can you get to the GDM login screen?
Well for now my system works completely.  but I am certain once I update my compiz packages, I will be able to get to GDM but not to gnome.  I've had this behaviour twice before and had to reinstall
Certainly no need to reinstall because of that, you can start a failsafe gnome session from the GDM login screen, or disable compiz from the terminal
I checked appearance, it seems to be turned off tho. So I don't get it.
So what exactly is the problem? You have compiz installed but not enabled and when you update it it tries to start but fails even though it shouldn't have tried to start in the first place?
Yes.  it's the only packages that aren't updated.  when I update, gnome freezes on login.  it flashes the bars a few times and then freezes and my Hd goes way up.  it must be compiz, it's the only packages left I haven't updated
What happens when you login in a failsafe-gnome session?
I shall install them now. wish me luck
If you don't have another computer get irssi so you can get help without X
compiz, compiz-core, compiz-fusion-plugins-extra, compiz-gnome, compiz-plugins, libdecoration0. those are the ones I'm updating to 1:0.6.2.  ok, should I do a full reboot or just ctrl+backspace?
just ctrl+alt+bckspace
I don't get it, I did the update twice from an install cd, once from starting all the way with LTS. Always clean install, X always froze, always same behaviour, now it works. It's what kept me from updating so long
Hrm, I'll look into it. Thanks. :)
Off liveusb
- ah, so i'd have to partition for a boot sector, a partition for regular use, and a partition so i can write to it? or can the last two be the same
its using a huge amount of memory
its not chanign the folder colro
ok. zulerdongle, try lsusb
why do you say that?
debian has been stable for _years_..  Last i checked servers needed stability.
what about the recent security problems with sarge?
: yes
and what did you do before that?
: I just followed the instructions on how to change the resolutions
what did you do exactly?
: I was able to restart X because I remembered the command used, and it seemed to work after that, it just didn't auto-restart like I expected
that command works here
: then I will assume it is my PC, and bow out
woot!
ok this is gonna sound dumb, how do i start wine? :P
umm you can configure it gavein but as far as runing it jut run the ap just like its in windows
ok,cool.  lol would help if i had wine installed... sigh
lol
ok installing rct3 now. you were able to install it right?
yes gavin. instled fine'
k
it might ask you about it being a backup though i know the anser to that. lkol
darn cause I can't get the no password option to work.
pastebin your /etc/sudoers. How are you executing the command?
techno ALL=(ALL:ALL) NOPASSWD: ALL.  techno would be my user name..  I also did: root ALL=(ALL:ALL) NOPASSWD: ALL
pastebin your /etc/sudoers. How are you executing the command?
[URL]
and my question?
a script, but it still asks for the password.. in ~/bin
well how do i beat it into submission? :P
I don't have the machine yet, thinking about buying if (I'm sourcing a new desktop for a local charity)
What is the package name? lib6c ?. -dev
no.  what needs them ?
slrn. to build with ssl
i receive no pm
umm
maybe you're not registered
then maybe I don't know how to send one. I'm not registered I don't think, I've never used ICQ before
this is not ICQ!!! this is Irc!!!!
yea I know. err...I mistyped. lol
you have to register your nick
/var/log/messages doesn't have an answer
yes.  so, any ideas?
yeah I think i might have a link for you one sec, gotta dig it up
sure
having trouble finding this link sorry, my bookmarks all seem to have vanished...
hmm, ok...
yes.  ^
barretg: what options did you use on fsck?
i've been having lots of raid failures, having to force reassemble, ran fsck once and it found tons of errors, then had more failures, turned out to be my power supply which I replaced. full raid6 back up and stable. i was just doing a final check "sudo fsck /dev/md0".  comes back immediatly with "/dev/md0: clean, 1295041/244174848 files, 1783753695/1953382912 blocks"
I have been trying to read that for 2 days now =)
is there any way to do it autimatically in network-manager?
its on a very recent laptop model and the pulse configuration is the default (and not everything goes through pulse either)
yes
ok  , i'll give it a try ;) thx a lot
I'm not sure what I'm supposed to be seeing. The MAILADDR line seems to be what I'm looking for, but that doesn't answer my question of whether or not it's sufficient to put my user name
information on MAILADDR and an example.  The example shows user@domain.tld
right, so myuser@localhost? Do I need to install a mail service of some sort?
command line would do
it would install using dd though wouldnt it?
bodsda, why? it should work like that right?
Custom.
did u follow a particular guide?
No. It's an R300, it's supposed by the open source drivers..  The 9800, I suspect, probably isn't an R300?
how can i find out?
Google.. Unless you boot of the windows installer CD.. That does. :). Such as?. Windows can't read Linux partitions, so other than the MBR, there isn't anyhting for it.. It does not do that.
[URL]ng has it as a R350 NH
Then it's not supported.
i do have drivers installed. fglrx
Those do not support AIGLX.. And likely never will.. Heh.
=(
You can use xgl though.. Which is different from AIGLX.
the xorg-driver-fglrx is not open source??
No. It's ATI's propriatary drive.
ic
The "radeon" driver is open source, and has recent support for full acceleration on R300 and below.. But not yet above.. So, with an R300, it "Just Works"
got u
Obviously guys are working hard to make it work with yoru card, but ya know, it's closed stuff. It's very hard. ;)
any trustworthy guides for the 9800 card?
ioria: yes. ioria: the os already exist it's not a new installation
there should be a systemd mount unit you can enable
I'm a bit lazy hit me with the commands
copy /usr/share/systemd/tmp.mount to /etc/systemd and enable it.  /etc/systemd/system, sorry
thanks.  cp: cannot stat /usr/share/systemd/tmp.mount: No such file or directory.  or I'm doing something wrong
which ubuntu is this?
Trusty
sorry then, that hasn't got systemd :) hang on, i've got a line somewhere you can put in fstab. give me a minute.
okay, thanks
'tmpfs /tmp tmpfs defaults,noatime,nosuid,nodev,noexec,mode=1777,size=512M 0 0'.  just adjust size= to whatever you want
son of .... thats should works thanks - I mean it looks good..  you think 512 is enough?
how much ram has your machine got?
12 GB
the way it works is that it allocates what it needs dynamically up to that limit, see what /tmp uses on your system now under normal use
I know I don't need it , based on my ram. ok. tham. thanks
/tmp here uses under a megabyte, but it depends on the software you run.
sudo mount -a outputs: [mntent]: line 15 in /etc/fstab is bad.  take a look at my fstab [URL]
look at the end of the line.  you included a '
where?
im using telnet to test access to my Kannel bearerbox port
checked if a firewall is blocking it?
im using ufw and i have opened this port to whole word.  telnet ip port works from same server, telnet ip port dosnt work from another server
telnet daemon conf ? it is binding to LAN ip ?
its not telnet daemon, its Kannel bearerbox daemon.  and yes from same server works
i want to add a user to the group "lpadmin"
applications restricted by law
yep, some countries (the US included) restrict some apps by law, mostly some patented aurio/video codecs. The users should be aware of that, don't you think?
how can u tell witch ones r
well, im to shy for that. i will probably make a mistake that i would be known for all across the world ;)
Nvidia GTX 360M.  I already have proprietary drive,. but splash and terminals are at very lower resolution. and I can't set wide resolution
it is normal, the propietary drivers have this problem with plymouth.  but yu can fix it
what I found to try is scripts from 2010...  no very confident
well what are some easily seen differences
the interface.  you can see the differences between them on their respective sites
I know kde, but what is that just default glossy blue slick look? xfce is kinda slim, and Ubuntu is just orange gnome
dr_willis_ yeah ill chance asap. dr_willis_ change*
ok. I'm on centrino @ 1.73
i dont know
did you install madwifi from source?
yes
yes sir
alright, removed =)
I would assume so. It's the same one my MC server runs on. My comp is set as static. THough I just sudo apt-get installed ssh-server, opened and closed the config, and restarted the service. I figure default is all I need for what I'm using it for
fix it?
do you have smooth transitions between tracks?
define smooth :). like cross fading?
yeah well not necessarily smooth as in faded, but do you get this "silent -> 0.5s bit of strange noise -> new track starts" sort of thingie? :P
I have no strange noise. just track end -> silence switching to new song -> new song
it goes to silent first, and then it plays just a bit from the end of last track, as it would flush buffer or something. could be my ancient cpu tho :P
which rhythmbox do y ou use... the standard one?. rhythmbox-gstreamer. ?
0.8.8 that came with ubuntu hoary..so i suppose its standard
sacarlon, does it give me the encoder?. I have a 1.2gb video and want to knock it down for youtube.
you have the encoder you just need the codec.  mplayer also has an encoder
It does? all this time I was using VLC >.<. Of course it does. memcoder -.-.  Where is the 'encoder' options? I'm assuming I can't do it through a UI?
I don't know I haven't played with that in 3 years
I'll just try get vlc and ffmpeg workin' then =/
I have 2GB of ram... maybe hard drive. I just replaced my hard drive
run 'top' in a terminal
but it was working better than this after I replaced it. this was rather sudden.  okay, I'm running top
what's your system load average? are there processes at the top, eating up all your resources?
~.90. but as soon as I do something, it jumps to 2
I still see the default page at localhost
ps aux | grep apache.  kill the PID of the apache proccesses
it worked this time. Can you tell me which directory it reads files from?
the default configdir is: /etc/apache2
I put a html file in /usr/share/apache2/default-site/ but I get a 404 error
each vhost file will define the it's own rootdir for serving files.  by default, its always somewhere in /var/www
ahh, there it is. There is the same html in that dir, that confused me.  thanks
yeap
proper forwarding has been done
what error when trying from WAN?
The connection has timed out.  The connection has timed out
any blocking iptables-rules on the machine?
I've flushed all iptable-rules, but I'll check again
how can I determine that?
huh. I am at the step with the partition menu and it says: ubi-partman failed with exit code 141. further information can be found in /var/log/syslog.. y that my install might fail
repeat the process I told you earlier. that worked last time
I'm restarting the install. the partitions should be gone
why don't you just explain the issue, so that people know if they can help
I got the same message. its perplexing. reboot and select proper boot device
same thing - it's not installing grub to the device you are booting from
can I install grub another way?
the installer is fine, just during the install make sure you select the correct device
it's the whole harddrive
yes, but there are 2 disks in your system, the hard disk and the usb disk
what else is there to select?
I want to record the stream
I have made a dedicated partition on my external drive for GRUB. I'm in Ubuntu Studio 13.10. I have a 3 TB external drive
I assume you're doing this because you plan to have multiple GNU/Linux distros installed and want grub to be in a separate partition so that any of them can be deleted without breaking grub. If that's not your end goal, please state your end goal.
well, I am doing this separately from my windows hard drive.. I used GParted to do it. and I have downloaded & extracted GRUB 2 to the dedicated partition
from [URL]
I get the password prompt, enter my password then no response or error
-> because its been several minutes and the update today (ubuntu-docs) is still going and consuming 100% of my cpu. -> and if it doesnt stop soon, ill terminate it prematurely.
yes.  clean system
but I mean the whole connection.  the internet goes down.  very bizarre
simple menus, easy to change themes, gnome-panel
install gnome-panel and use that.  or use Xubuntu 12.04
I tried installing gnome-panel but that broke the theming
how do i do that  ?
no I really couldn't get it working :S .. have managed to set it up before 1-2 times but I thought that because I only need a relay-smtp I could use some easier solution
do you have a firewall running ?
you mean a firewall as an router where I can open ports etc?..when I think of firewall I always think of something like windows firewall which I can stop but I haven't seen anything like that on ubuntu :O
well I mean both actually. there are also firewalls on ubuntu, could you check the output of 'service ufw status'
ufw start/running
ok so you do have a firewall running
oh hehe :O so I should stop ufw?
either you stop it, or you allow connection on port 25, via "sudo ufw allow 25"
ah yeah thats better ..but do I really need a connection on port 25 on my machine if I only want to use relay-smtp?. @  *
yes your machine will still be seen as a mail server from any client connecting to it, and you will need to allow smtp connections to it
aha oki then I get it  but still after allowing port 25 and trying to telnet localhost 25 I get the same error message while running nullmailer
is the nullmailer service running ?
yeah I guess :P
to be sure, "service nullmailer status"
didn't work they want me to use /etc/init.d/nullmailer instead of service and then there's no status attribute :O
then try "sudo /etc/init.d/nullmailer restart" and then try to connect via telnet again
still same error :P
ok, then back to the firewall... could you pastebin the output of "sudo ufw status" ?
[URL]  don't you mean "sudo service ufw status" ? .. sudo ufw status returns Status:inactive but sudo service ufw status returns ufw start/running
no I meant "sudo ufw status", but then it means that the firewall isn't enabled... so the problem does not come from there unless you have some other firewall running
I have a new installation of ubuntu and haven't installed some other firewall :).  while I was running postfix before I managed to telnet just fine but then the authentication failed :S.  so I guess it's not the firewall
after looking at the documentation, it appears I didn't understand what nullmailer was....  it only handles outgoing messages, so you won't be able to connect to it via smtp.  have a look at the manpages for nullmailer, nullmailer-inject, nullmailer-queue and nullmailer-send
how do you mean only outgoing ? should I still be able to send a message using another SMTP with nullmailer?
yes, but it won't allow you to connect to your machine remotely to do it.  nullmailer is only a set of tools used to send mail from your machine using a remote smtp sever. *server*
aha but still e.g. PHPs mailfunction should work?. aha great  that's what I need
<> sorry I don't have ubuntu cd for the time being I have only internet accsess
time to get one. I always keep my ubuntu USB around my neck ... just i case.
<> thanks in advance dear!!!
exactly
so wep is still useless
for my home network, wep would work... if i didn't open it up to everyone anyway
now thats..... i dont want it to be done everytime whenever there is a new item...
is shows: tcp 0 0 0.0.0.0:8651 0.0.0.0:* LISTEN 867/gmetad
any particular check tool you have in mind?
chkdsk
i have done that. it tests ok, smart reports ok.
on all 4 partitions?
yep, the drive is fine. should i be mounting just the one partition? this is a system that doesn't have the raid setup...
what do you get when you try to mount the first partition
/dev/sdb1 has no superblock
have you any sensitive data on your drive?
.9tb of them
do you know which filesystem is used?
it's ext4 and i had to flag it test_fs otherwise it wouldn't let me work with it.
Any suggestions for using a more recent version of parted than that distributed on the live CD?
nope. I havent touched that yet. still installing just to SSD as per normal. but it sense the raid. Once I get installed to SSD with RAID detecting then I will ask for next steps :). I just wanna move my home and cache to the RAID. then set the SSD to read only. That should prolong the SSD life exponentially correct?
still 100% disagree with your plan
Almost indefinnitely
no, your idea is silly. you need to do OS updates regularly, you can't set it read only
Touche...
plus you have a samsung 840, that puppy is good for 10+ years. *minimum*
OK sweet. then I will just use the RAID to store critical data and my databases
yes. 0. ff - 1.0.2
hmm
strange, isnt it.. i get a "alert" box kindof what u get in javascript
thanks thats it. disable is better then remove in my case
allods online.  the game is allods online haakon- i do not know how can i see
Okay. Thanks. I was hoping for a list to make life simpler, but I guess that will work.
yes it fluctuates
lynx [URL] is imo the only command to make it faster.  with other words, you cant make your card faster then it is
from 54 to 300. no the speed changes
ah you mean to use wifi in n-mode
yeah. silly me
I've noticed it happens when leafpad runs and disappears as soon as I close it
right. thanks !
okay... looking...  this line? "# defoptions=quiet splash"
yes, and also on in the 'do not change this bit' bit. you change it on that line for the next update, the others so it takes effet now
removed that line. this one too? "root=UUID=cd7eb660-1de1-460e-916d-7f9a2bc98b3a ro quiet splash"
yes it say 1.3.0
Hi. I want a book on g++.. Can anyone help me ?
... what to do to reset factory settings? from command line? I can't log in from long in screen. log in screen **
but do you know what's resetting the permissions each boot?
nope.  this is what i would looking for first.  how do you hange the permissions after you booted?
what?
if you boot and see the right wrong - what are you doing then?
if the see the... right wrong?
you issue chown -R mpd:mpd /var/run/mpd?.  sorry for my bad english: the rights of the folder
its ok. Yeah, well I run mpd as my local user, so I have to chown -R brandon:audio /var/run/mpd
 : I'm trying with ubuntu 14.04 installation CD.. What about pxe ?
ok thought so.
no sorry i read wrong, 64 bit can be faster though
thats where my issue is. It just seems like my current install is slower than installs ran in the past. All i can think of is 64-vs-i686 problems.
no. ive done that and ive connected. but it shows up in network servers
i cant see anything in the dmesg. u can check it here are the 2 dmesg-s one after another:. [URL]
try this: sudo iwconfig wlan0 essid "NetworkNameHere"
i did that. followed by iwconfig wlan0 commit as well
is your network using encryption?
i need a version of a package more recent than dapper, but older than currently in edgy
nope, you'll need to build your own
right. so where do i find older source packages?
older source packages? From the project.  depending on the package, you could get the source to build it from debian
anything other than an orig.tar.gz/digg/gz/dsc trio will be an upstream tarball, not a source package. i don't want to replace my libc and half of gnome with edgy versions to compile a package, when a slightly older version with more sane dependancies would do the job. an old *debian* snapshot, that might work...
.......I only see the current 2.47 freq....not the 5 ghz network
And you have dual band WiFi NIC?
Yes....this works with windows 7 on this laptop. ......lspci shows the wireless controller as Centrino Wireless -N 2200 BGN
need driver for display, wireless
warfaren, why? What is the problem?.  does it not work after install?
my display sucks right now, not able to increase it to the screen's full resolution, need the driver for that.  wireless not working at all though. doesn't show in ifconfig, iwconfig
because grub messed arround slakware. i try before. so i want to try with lilo. yesterday i have the login screen on it but no keyboard or mouse. any ideas. what will be best
tried simply installing lilo?
i try already. no keyboard no mouse. just installing wirth lilo
that is not a grub problem
ofcourse i think the problem is that i dont really know how to. but im pretty sure is posible. can u show me please
of course it is. but you probably have to do everything manually.
no worries good to learn
- host is 192.168.0.7, guest is 192.168.0.9
and the vmware has what? NAT? bridged? host only?
- bridged
Well, thanks, I already had that in mind. I was just asking if someone here knew what is happening. I made the .conkyrc myself. the only problem that is happening are those square characters
but if I run as user I can't access windows disk. there saved pasword database
you can mount the windows disk as the user you are running as, and you can access it
in filel manager I see this file. in keepass not
Would prefer windows as host
Ubuntu Server 14.04 LTS
uh...
yes i have a no luck
you have followed all those possible steps?
many times before and also reinstall ubuntu on this computer to start fresh
if you have openfire working via the web, it's not an OS problem; it's likely a database problem
ok thats what i thought but i can never seam to get it to worjk
when you go into mysql, you see the database you have created?
i use the internal database that comes with it
ok. so when you reinstall openfire everytime, are you given the opportunity to set an admin password at all?
yes i am and i set different ones each time but still get the same error
nah, i can connect from other windows machines
what version OS you running (linux)
10.10
are you trying to connect via IP or DNS?
tried both ways
happens with compiz turned on or off. currently its off, but it is installed on box
what video card, which driver and how installed
Um I have an nvidia and I have enabled the restricted driver, not sure what the specific card is
internal, i have an IDE drive, so i dont care about that SATA chekc
yea i put sudo fsck in to the terminal
why not just set a command to run system check for next boot
it on pass 5 now and it says its fix a bunch of stuff. ok it done. checking to see if the file systme is fixed now
how?
can i post a link on here? i found a guide... just not sure if i should follow this or is there another better way...
the question is about driver installation and why my wireless device is showing up but not broadcasting
what device? how is it attached? what chipset? what device drivers are you using, and from where? how did you install them? can you see SSIDs? etc etc etc.
Belkin f9l1101v1, broadcom, windows drivers via ndiswrapper, Not broadcasting so No ssid
Broadcom what? they make a lot of chipsets.
dunno what broadcom chipset lemme check
BCM4323.  that does not require ndiswrapper.
I beg to differ
BCM43xx drivers for Linux will work with that.
the free drivers don't work
have you booted the machine with the dongle attached so that the kernel knows the device is there when it's choosing what modules to load?
On several occasions
and what does "lsmod | grep bcm" say when you do?
On full hardware boot, virtual machine boot,. prob nothing as i've blacklisted the included drivers. nada
grep b43
waiting. this wireless device has given me a headache with ubuntu since 8.10
i need to run truecrypt
And it requires and older version of glibc?
i hav installed it from apt-get, it installed f9 , now when i run it it gives me error
np
truecrypt: /lib/tls/i686/cmov/[URL].6: version `GLIBC_2.4' not found (required by truecrypt)
that is a dangerous lib to change, i dont reccomend it. Have you looked into luks?
okaym i dunno about luks
I'm using it on my whole drive, and it will be sufficient security for what you need, check out using that instead.. !luks |
ok.. thanx , i will give luks a shot
yes. when i go to some sites it says
Okay, Firefox right?
becauseyes. yes it is firefox
there is no floppy disk on this laptop
No.
I have copied the file to webserver location, how can i access now. e.g.: i am trying ftp://localhost/foldername/filename
ah.  you would actually need the server connected to a domain or public IP.  better go back to scp
but its showing nothing.
yes
su-root?. Sorry, I'm new to this.
I was using sudo apt-get on Kubuntu. (I'd try their irc, but hardly anyone is around. )
pgrep -l apt-get
Rylu: 3848 apt-get
do you still have that open somewhere, by any chance?
Raylu, How? I've restarted my computer twice since then.
then apt-get wouldn't be running.  or, at least, the apt-get that you ran two restarts ago wouldn't
Yes, but now I can't install anything. D=
how to fix deleted boot partition?
are you ignoring my suggestions?
i didnt cit. see it.  using irssi.  cant see old messages
yeah, just browsing - they are the best and the only ones?
best, no clue, i'm not a desktop guy. only one, far from it.
how do I restart unity session to see all color changes applied?
relogin?
any other method? I have to kill all windows to do that
not a unity user, sorry. are you talking about titlebar colors etc?
yes!
it's a hypothetical question... prepping for an interview
i cant open it now.  but i need to know
yes ! my bad. i read that wl (original driver) are the only one possible and i didnt found any hack on this driver to improve it ( or any issues )
VCoolie: icechat. thought it was a setting in the room, not client
dr_willis thanks, but i just needed to turn something on in gnome-tweak
why do you need a /boot/ parttion?.  cant say i really have needed to use that tool in ages.
dr_willis :P. my more important problem is that after installing GNOME, when i switch back to unity, the close button is on the right
thats a theme setting for the most part these days. (its tweakable by various tools). the themes just have a script i recall that sets it to the other side,. if you want it moved.. move it back. ;). !controls
dr_willis hmm, i will look, thanks
I thought VNC was supposed to let me control this computer (all my windows and apps) from another computer..
it is, but it works by letting you control the same screen as your other computer is using
Thats what I want, but when I log in (at localhost) it starts up with just a term window and a new X session
so just apt-get install unrar?
yes
thanks
yes, keyboard works, but linux doesn't act to nothing. i can turn on/off num lock and all those lights :)
can you type CTRL+ALT+F1 to get a login prompt? If you ping the box from somewhere else (if that's a possibility) does it respond?
i cant. ctrl alt f1 or f2 or anything else won't work, also ctrl + c and all those..
hmm. the first thing I would do is boot from the Ubuntu Live disc and take gdm out of the default startup level. then you can boot the system and troubleshoot from the command prompt - if you want to do that.
i don't have the liveCD. so i need to download it
yeah. :(
can it be that my installation CD is bad?
lol sorry  :D. and thanks
np! i hope it helps
doh, it says i dont have write rights to /usr/local/sbin/ either
well the last time i did it, i edited the mdraid file, but that's not there anymore
try /etc/mdadm/[URL]nf iirc
if i edit that, and then mount the /dev/md0, would that work??
I am making a custom install CD for a professor of mine and he has a custom made piece of software that he needs installed on the CD, I have it in a deb file and need it to be preinstalled along with the rest of the installation
right now is only using 11% of it. Can't i do anything to use more of it, and make it efficient ?
why do you think it's only using %11 ?
Ikonia: because that's what conky, and system monitor is telling me,
that means it only needs %11 as "active" at thie moment, you'll find more will be use for things such as disk cache, and when it needs it will swap it to active
so' in another words i can't use any ram space to make my experience smoother?
thanks
Thank you! What is the 'Alternate CD'? Where can I find it?
presumably it's relatively trivial if you can backup everything outside the [already-encrypted] home partition. aye. truecrypt had some magic for it on windows istr, but god knows. and seems potentially fragile. i'll probably just backup my data and do a reinstall
if the system is using LVM and has reserved some free extents, it should be possible to recreate
what are the important things to save other than homedir, dotfiles and configs from /etc for configured packages. in fact, is it possible to use apt-* to list all configuration files associated with installed non-default packages?. that seems doable and might allow for a relatively interaction-free reconfigure of a fresh install
there'll be configs under /var/lib for some packages too
aye, but apt keeps track of what's config. at least, there's remove/purge so it is savvy to the difference between functionality files and config files
it depends what kind of partitioning the system is currently using, and how its split up. It's sometimes possible to find free space to bootstrap a post-install encryption
ideally, i'd like every change i make to the OS to be stored as in a git repo, with branching, transactional rollback, pull requests, etc.. but this is more than a weekend project and i have difficulties focusing on a problem for more than a few days at a time
but why does gnome-terminal set itself to xterm :/. and not xterm-256color?. or even gnome-256color
I'm just trying to work out why 'cos wicd loses the connection but doesn't notice, which nm never seemed to do, so I'd rather use nm
I thought you said wicd works, and nm doesnt?
yeah, on this particular hardware, which is the problem
or more to the point, are you running intrepid, with an atheros wifi card?
nm works fine on all my other hardware, just not this one.  intrepid, rtl8185
menza i have dsl of 256kbps but download in torrent files usually is 30kbps but sometimes it goes higher ? what is that suppose to mean?
i see
you're better of starting from scratch than trying to repair what automatix broke
if i were to go through the tutorial again would it still work? thats if i can find it
lemme try that, thank you for the response
Can I use that to have a remote display (I dont want NVC). (VNC)
Files only. I'm recursively searching throughout a directory.. Actually I'm grepp'ing and want the number of files containing the search string
ok, what was that supposed to do? I typed that in, and nothing
THX  - i will try it now
you can also access "recovery" while in the grub boot menu too.
i have done all as told. i come to the loging GUI, no errors. I enter my pwd and than .. it is not stuck (mouse moves) but it stops there. ?
i've been trying grub-setup, but it gives me segmentation fault
Thanks. Saw something about just a driver, so not even a hardware solution. Definitely confused, also.
no i haven't, thanks i will check that out
: Did you want to resize the Windows part or expand the Linux part?
my problem is that my linux partion is just big enough for the system files and i have to room to download updates and etc. Is there anyway to just tell ubuntu where to download to instead?
Ubuntu will download to or in Ubuntu, I guess you can save the downloads on a Flash,CD-R or whatever, I am also pretty certain that you can expand the install, but let me look for that.
ok thanks
You can expand the volume, ext2/ext3 can be expanded with Gparted or some like utility, I find it easier to back up data , do a fresh install with parameters set as you prefer.
i was thinking about that, i just installed Ubuntu a day or two ago so i have no data to loose. If i just start the install process again with the CD will it delete my current install or will i end up with 2 instances of Ubuntu on my system?
It will write over or delete the current install and settings
great thanks i think i will do that
yes with no sucess
And is it safe to assume that you've gone through the process of doing "sudo dpkg-reconfigure" for PHP...?
no..let me try it.  i get "php7.0 is broken or not fully installed"
You can use the "sudo apt-get reinstall php7.0" -> see what does produces...
"Internal Error, No file name for php7.0:amd64" :S
"sudo apt-get -f reinstall php7.0" (or whatever the package name is)
same error..the package name is correct
i have it enabled, but there is the yellow ! mark on the audio hardware, i guess wrong driver?
I have that option too. ok, brb
no, just the hdd
hda3
then grub should say (hd0,2) and that's what you had
hda4 is the Swap, if I remember correctly...
can you mount the partition from a live cd even?
haven't try to mount from the Live cd.
try it. see if you get an error and if you do post it
how do I mount from the Live cd?. mount /dev/hda3/rescute ?. rescue
It says, "./GERally: error while loading shared libraries: libstdc++.so.5: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory" Does this mean I'm missing libstdc++, and if I install it, it should work?
ah no. yes sorry. it is there
Hrm, not sure then...can you connect to open wireless points?
hrmm. no I can't
I had wireless issues (broadcom chipset sucks) and had to go through hoops to get it to work
hrmm. well. I jsut found out about wpasupplicant
i want to set up my webcam.  its quickcam logitech
what's the problem?
how do i do it??
plug it in for a start
its already plugged in
so what are you trying to do with it?
how do i build the drivers for it...is there any modprobe for it??
a webpage or two.. plus some java
in that case it wouldnt matter. i'd go with the Debian server myself (because i understand it better)
thats why I initially went with debian.. but someone else suggested freebsd.. And I'm wondering how I should weigh the two
if you want your rfcs implemented before the ink is dry use freebsd. if you want 10 year release cyle use Debian, but this is -offtopic
what do you mean by that?
only thing that comes out is docs, utserver, and webgui.zip
wait i'm downloading now, i'll get a definite soon
thanks.  it almost seems like to be it isn't for desktop users but for webservers only
tried it now, yeah its run as a daemon/service and its all configured via a html page, not practical for a desktop user i suppose :(.  not like a daemon/service more like a background application
ah so it would be for a headless server environment
where do I cahnge that
do you know how to go about fixing it?
is this started by a script ?
only by typing 'frostwire' into a terminal
the app is not able to find the jars needed to run - you could see if frostwire is a script - if so, take a look at it and see if it defines the location for the jars
what do you mean, like, look at the /usr/bin/frostwire folder?. er, file
thanks
i get a cant open media for writing error
which app are you using?
munie, but I cant play in other players also.
this is temporary, until I get some coin :P.  its also a method of me experimenting
yeah
eh, k, I didn't expect that. let me check.
I tried following some instructions to remount it elsewhere, but the mount came up empty
did you try the instructions on [URL] Your Data Manually ?
the ones I followed were [URL] which look very similar. after I mounted it, the mounted home was still empty. but the .Private def has stuff in it
.  looks pretty similar. darn ... can anyone else take alook here? I thought my loopaes experience might help ... but this looks quite different
what happened was I originally had encryption installed. Then I disabled it somehow (I believe by editing some settings file, but I forget what). I then copied my files over to a clean home folder (with no .Private) , and all was good for a few weeks. Then last night, ubuntu did an update and I think overwrote a settings file and this morning, when I turned the machien on, no home folder but a .private folder
I'd try using a livecd to check the home partition directly, without ubuntu trying to mount the encrypted stuff. perhaps something got mixed up there. just a shot in the dark though ..
like use the same instructions, but boot with a livecd first?. is it possible to see if the key I wrote down is correct?
my daughter is using the desktop. i want to use it for bittorrent and some other stuff while she's using it. i'm on my laptop with wireless and a smaller disk. and dont want to use BT on the laptop
you can ssh -X remotemachine and run an app - it will appear locally.
gee thanks.....
what's the best app to use when doing these kind of large "backups"?
not sure, because so far i've generally just copied the entire volume with dd, or a partitioning program (i even tried just a straight 'cp', but that was painfully slow)
currently copying with roadkil's unstoppable copier (used in the past many times in winxp) through wine now, could that be a "problem"?
how can i restart gdm?
sudo /etc/init.d/gdm restart.
thanks
you'll be logged out.
yeap
done, but same error
try installing packages: xserver-xorg-driver-all xserver-xorg-input-all
xserver-xorg-driver-all has no install candidate, and input-all is installed
sorry: xserver-xorg-video-all
installing ... i just use the nv driver though, and that's installed
meta packages are good during upgrade period, to make sure nothing is left back
yeah i guess.  heh, and it worked, thanks a bunch!
how can i detect that?. i think i have one.  how can i detect that and if i have that, how can i make network between the two box?
correct. Since perhaps a few days ago when I used it last. Only thing I've changed is I let the updater run like I do most every day.
replug firmly the cables ?
It's a DVI/VGA adapter. it's been working for 2 years, and suddenly today booting up, it refuses to allow me to set to the proper resolution in the Display settings.
uname -r ?
3.13.0-49-generic
tried that, doing nothing dosent work ;)
I didn't say to do nothing.  you didn't "do nothing" about your other network card. The fact that the install program did it for you doesn't make any difference
the same way you make sure that your primary network card runs at startup <= nothing
Greezmunkey, Yes, I am. It's an updated version fro 9.0x that I installed months ago. It was updated right out of install. Oddly enough, The USB adapter worked when I used NDISWrapper. Just not AFTER I updated.. . Odd that that didn't occur to me before now.
yes buti removed it.
Excellent, thanks. =)
not yet. i will try it
I did that, wav files have headers so it gets confused
i don't think it all came through what you were typing.  oh there it is, thanks man
love you!
no problem :)
trying to recover some data from an old hard disk ;S
you can also try out Ctlr+Alt+Fn | n >= 2, n < 6
not a problem, that works fine!
[URL] ... might be helpful. Had used it a few years ago
for sure! now lets see if i can mount a remote samba folder
Probably me is right. All it does is blink off the login screen, then right back to it.
yes in one folder
you wanna do it via command line, i understand, isn't it?
yes i would be easier that way
and you wanna move the entire folder?
nope the data having size >=500MB
That tries to load the partition table then inexplicably crashes!!
yes
do you know the address it was mounted to?
yes
what is the command you're trying - or did it not mount at boot time
not mount at boot time..
open the file /etc/fstab and see if the partition is listed there please :)
no folder for /etc/fstab
yes, it vanished from there
is it enabled in System> administration > network?
it does not show up in there anymore
correct me if i'm wrong but doesn't the apt-get command only work if i have internet access?
haven't gotten one I don't think.
yah i know but like do u do every file .?/configure
sometimes it doesn't run in gui (but create all the process it usually create), but worst, it slows the computer I use to works (that have a SSD !), and when I say "slows", that mean I need to reboot. Using chromium fixes everything, but why chrome for ubuntu exists if it's not compatible ? I have this problems on both of my computers.
That is strange .
that's why i'm here ^^
lol. But chromium works...... What version of Chrome are you running, i assume the newest?
yep, the latest
usb yes. how?
no, how do i get that?.  it is drive 2of 2, does that help?
I dropped images in the folder.
and the bug is reproducible?
I don't know, but when I paste stuff also crashes.
you might have to downgrade, but did the problem start immediately after upgrading to Ibex?
yes.  I'll change to dolphin then ]:).
then i'd have a look to see if a bug has been filed, although i haven't heard of anything like that biting a lot of people. you might be stuck going back to the earlier version..  dolphin?
it's the official KDE file-browser, there is an option in gconf-editor to set which file-browser to start in Gnome.
no just killall and kill xxxx
I'm not really sure what to do... wehre should I move the files to?. *where
lspci tells me matrox graphics mga g400/g450.  and resolution is pretty low
have you been in hardware drivers? syatem > administaration > hardware drivers
no proprietary drivers for this system
ok how old is the computer?
the computer is not very old, just made the mistake to switch my geforce card with this junk
with what junk?
long story short I'm stuck with this one. Is it possible to make work? my monitor is 17" lcd/1280x1024
ok.. I am buying a new laptop this week, which comes without any OS pre installed. I intend to install some good linux OS on it.
how do I format it - it says Lost+found and I do not have permission to use it
if the only thing on the drive is a "Lost+found" directory then everything is correct.  it has been formatted
Johnflux when I try and use the drive it never lets me copy anything at all..  I can not even create a new folder. I have tried a total of 3 ways of formating it. ext3, ext4, and fat32 only fat32 formats.
I don't want to reboot, so I'll wait then. Thanks
try pressing ALT + SYS-RQ + S
alt+sysrq gives me a screenshot
not alt+print
Sys Rq and Print is the same button, no?
I wasn't trying to be silly. I'm sorry
my own user. Volks. lol. i added my self to the root group
try it again under root. oic. either way :P
through the user/group management tab
what dir anyways?
but i donno. err. trie dloads of dirs. shall i pastebin?. !pastebin
aren't you installing it to a single dir?
http://paste.ubuntu-[URL] i dont know. just look >_>
hi  it's an intel dual core, Intel Series 4 integrated graphics chip
no router. just modem. for adsl i configured it with pppoeconfig
wired or wireless
what do i do to configure cable internet connection. wire
you running dual boot at all?
intead of pppoeconfig i need to use some other command. ????. no. just ubuntu. dude cable modem in ubuntu. dont know how to configure the connection. pls help
you should be able to hook it up to your eth0, log into the modem, and configure that according to your ISP's specs
they dont support linux. they r dumb
that's why I asked if you ran dual boot ;)
no. just ubuntu
tell them you need to do a 'manual setup'
they dont even know what linux is. i m telling u. isnt there a command like the pppoeconfig just for cable modems?
with the cable modem configured, Ubunto should see the net connection on eth0 and configure itself automagically
aaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
especially if you set it to use DHCP
i got it. k 10x. i hope that that is what gona happen
I said rpmforge-like
what package do you want, as in ubuntu there is no need for rpmforge type repos as the official ones pretty much cover it
python 2.7.2
what version of ubuntu
10.0.4. 10.04. I can build from source
python 2.6 is critical to ubuntu 10.04 - changing/upgrading it is not advised, hence no package for it
I want them installed in parallel. wouldn't replace system reqs
cool, thanks. when I go "curl [URL]" I get connection refused on localhost port 8080. also get connection refused when using python's request lib
see if the http_proxy env var is set, 'echo $http_proxy'
browser works, ping works. I checked DNS, disabled firewalls and proxies.  I get 'localhost:8080'
'unset http_proxy' then try again
wow that was easy, seemed to help. thanks a bunch,
any developments?
Yea I set those. no change. do I need to reboot to take effect?
I want to use Ru+En. It's ok by clicking and choose between these two from the panel, but shortkey doesn't work, short-keys are ok in other user environment!
via kb layout ibus or other
languages indicator
speedstep isn't enabled.
no, I want to add a watermark using ffmpeg. Says I need the [URL] file. in vhook. I compiled ffmpeg
is that a question?
yes, as indicated by the "?" at the end of it
it's showing two ntfs partitions on sda1 and sda2. so it does indeed detect it. but gparted shows 100% free unallocated space. so does the Xubuntu installer
how do i fix this?
no - im searching a good for high-end server. this one i have had this controller
have you checked; [URL]
yes. i didnt found
NTAuth... [URL]
that the games you have on your account work could be an completely other problem
in the how-to, there are specific instructions
no  i don't think so but i am using ubuntu as of just few hours :)
well where do you want it to display the file size?
well i would like a file manager like xyplore which i use in windows...it has a column with folder sizes and updates automatically. thanks nigweth i will try that too
thanks! i wish i could just type that into the run dialog :-x
in the run dialog do "nautilus applications:///"
woohoo! thanks!!!
it's too bad that right-clicking on the menubar applet doesn't bring up a link to applications:/// -- would be handy
that let's me edit the applications folder but i'm more interested in editing the other itmes... like remove "Search for Files...", "Recent Documents", and "Take Screenshot"
that's exactly right... I think you're stuck with those those
lol. so i can't edit the other menu either?. because there's the "Main Menu" and the "Menu Bar" on the "Add to Panel" thing. was hoping i could edit one of them
its just not connecting at all.
my vodafone connection works brilliantly on my laptop. which runs ubuntu 10.04. but I want to share that connection to a switch using the lan0 port on my laptop..  i can do it easily on my vista machine using ICS but i don't know how to do it on ubuntu yet. cheers.
Bazhang and that can 0 wipe?
i have another pc with a dvd drive, and network is no problem. thanks
- assuming your laptop supports netboot, which if it has a dvd i bet it does
its a really old laptop, it doesnt support netboot ;). no chanche. -h
what did 'sudo dpkg-reconfigure network-manager' do anyway? Didn't get any output from it
dunno if it did anything :-)
oh ok
so it's a good idea to keep my mp3 files there, I believe?
oh ok
a thimb will sometime end up being the sda.. thumb
got it, thanks
you can reload grub though as you suggest to the correct mbr, if the thumb get the grub you can boot the OS and do it from the desktop.
yah i just said "
no it doenst
have you tried killing any applications that might be using Apt?
how would i do thwt
try killall -w aptget
no process found
try system monitor -> processes and see if anything is using the apt process
apt is not listed
what is that and how do i do it? im a newbe
just stating that in your case you may want to: a) try to roll back to older driver or b) diaguinouse the new one. dialgioneise
the older driver wasnt good! i would start pc and wifi is working but when i restart it is not working. something is not stable. my wifi card is ralink3290
nvidia Geforce FX 5200.  I have the nvidia driver installed.
so, what percentage is crossover better?
Hmm, okay, thanks
it would just recognize the hw change and keep going?
:)
should save me the bandwidth headaches too, huh? :)
crakrjak, 5.04. ops.  5.04
if you're using  read [URL] about dmix
tkz.. :).  excuse me..can you repeat please?
how, link to instructions if you know plz.
Apache/2.4.6 (Ubuntu). Server MPM: event. threaded: yes (fixed thread count). forked: yes (variable process count)
no, because i was doing it for a man page and the man utility will not work with the tar -cvjf
strange... very strange, you probably won't get much help in here though, for more command line oriented things I generally go to #bash (alot of jerks will say it's not a bash question, which it really isn't, but the right people to answer are in there) or ##linux
haha. ya. thanx
ubottu is dead
but lately i can't get anwsers to my command line questions on any channel. so i got desperate and came here
what do you mean from memory
I'm finding plenty of threads online about black screen AFTER grub. But not during grub. Basically, I get a screen with ubuntu-purple edges, but it's black in the center covering menu options.  that gets me "no such file or directory". But it's fine. I'll just check BIOS for cpu temp, I guess. Can you help me with the grub thing?
>live CD. Don't have that or a CD ROM. I dl'd it all
usb ?
idk why that'd be necessary, it clais it can do it from C: just the same. *claims. But I did that. Here's what google turned up: [URL]
what claims can do what from c: ?
Install Ubuntu. Let me find the name of it. I think it's Unetbtin,
so again, can that box boot from usb ?
It can, but I think it's unnecessary. I don't have an extra flashdrive to spare for this. UNetbootin is its full name
if you need to repair grub, you have to chroot from another sys, the tut you gave is from 2009, grub1, now grub2 is in use.  unetbootin is a tool to boot from usb, yes.  so if you can't boot a cd, you can make a bootable flashdrive, and with c: I assume you talk from a windows box, wherefor unetbootin is also available
Well, I've uninstalled and reinstalled it before,  and that didn't help. ya that's what I'm trying to do
lil' confusing, you in first hand wanted just an usb install ?
No, from C:
"02:0a.1 Input device controller: Creative Labs SB Live! MIDI/Game Port (rev 05)"
keyseir: are you using the digital output on the card?
It worked fine before I reinstalled edgy, but now I'm not getting any sound..  Digital output?
keyseir: single cable going from sound card to an amp of sorts, then to a bunch of speakers
No. I've only got it hooked up to a set of speakers... and I've checked the speakers
keyseir: i ask because I had that same exact problem. just had to enable digital output heh
yar
i enabled it on kmix. what other should i set up?
are there any switches that might be off? Is it plugged in the right spot?.  is the mic still muted?
yeah i think so *checking is it plugged on the comp" no it's not muted. but it just not works!
does it definitely work?
yes, it works on winboze, but not on linux
I would think it would be something quite simple then.  if its functioning in windows it should function in linux
hm... maybe it doesn't work only in firefox...
Its just that wayland crashes and bring me back to GDM, the login screen.. COmmand line is fine. Xorg i fine..  wayland crashes.
i don't know where wayland errors are logged, tbh, have you tried looking at logs?
dusasse: I am quite lost. Nothing obvious in the logs, nothing in /var/crashes
i don't know what else to suggest, sorry. what kind of gpu and which driver is this on?
I am not such, it is a 2012 Mac Mini with a 4K screen, which I guess is a but unusual..  *sure.  FOUND some interestiung stuff in syslog: "[URL]sktop[1789]: Cannot open display:"
they use amd gpus afaik, so probably the radeon driver. you can check with 'lspci -k', check 'kernel driver in use' under VGA controller
the display has no name.  i915
ok, so intel, not amd
It worked for a few days when artful was new, and then it stopped. Wierd.
could be a driver regression, hard to say
After a good few failure messages, it goes "gnome-session-binary[1734]: CRITICAL: We failed, but the fail whale is dead. Sorry....".  Can this be of interest? "udev-acl.ck[1728]: g_slice_set_config: assertion 'sys_page_size == 0' failed" ?
some posts i found online seem to indicate this could be a problem in gdm or gnome-settings-daemon....  you could file a bug against gnome-settings-daemon, since that's what throws the "cannot open display" error
The first "cannot open display" is from gnome-screensav, actually.
so, it could be gdm that fails to start wayland. i'm just guessing, though.
should I throw the log onto termbin for you to see?.  look here: [URL]  What about THIS during boot? : "[ 17.542201] wl: module verification failed: signature and/or required key missing - tainting kernel" ???
that must be some other module, do you have something that uses dkms installed? what about those .bashrc errors near the top of the log, are there any problems with parsing that?
I expect them to do gracefuly ignored, as they wrote such a nice set of warnings about them....  should I get rid of the .profile and try again?
so if there's no daemon running, how are these apps still making sounds?
try running it in the console manually..  like I do know
yeah, that works. I can then control volume, etc. I'm just surprised that the apps were still able to play sounds without the daemon running. what is pulseaudio's equivalent of /dev/dsp, if there is one?
we still have alsa!.  none.
so they fall back to alsa if pulse isn't running?
sure.
I used to be able to capture sounds to file through /dev/dsp. can't do that anymore?
i installed minimal ubuntu
Do you have nm-applet and NetworkManager running?
how do i knw if i have both running?. i have nm-connection in zombie mode
Check the output of ps ax. You can use grep to narrow it down, for example: ps ax|grep NetworkManager
nm-applet sleeping
Does iwconfig show an interface for your wifi card?
22758 pts/0 S+ 0:00 grep --color=auto NetworkManager.  this is my wifi eth1 IEEE 802.11bg ESSID:"punk". it found it as eth1 instead of wlan0
You can do this: sudo iwlist eth1 scan|grep -i essid.  That means NetworkManager is not running. You could try starting it but it may interfere or not work
maybe i need to install more packages?
Sorry. Yes. A typo on my part here. (ssh uses /etc/hosts but my browser don't.)
is there a video-dvd burning option in it ?
I'm not sure, and using lspci -v | less doesn help
-> try sudo lshw -C network
Under product it says "BCM4312 802.11b/g"
so, use totem movie player?
why would then du -sh show just show actual disk space usage?. I did du -sh /
Is it not the same as df's result?
nope. That's what I can't understand. I don't know maybe possible disk failure?
You may have a file that has been deleted, but still exists on your system. Run "sudo lsof | grep -i delete".  And pastebin the output for us.
sure . Thanks. thanks . I got it.. thanks. the nasty log file I believed I deleted it
yes
chmod a-r file
ty :)
oh no wait
:O
I guess i can wait until hoary
slugish performance and just random crashes
sorry
I don't have to do the restart, X and gdm can't start. Using kdm btw. But, okay, thanks :)
who said anything about restart?.  have you relinked Xorg?
Doesn't /etc/init.d/gdm restart' reboot?
no, it doesn't. Have you fixed it?
Relinked? Please come again.. Thanks so much for the help!. No, not yet. I have to get all the help I can get and go 7 floors up to my computer and try to fix it
switch to a text console to login, bypassing X, which doesn't work. To do this, hit Ctrl-Alt-F1
Ok
log in with your username and password. Then type 'sudo ln -sf /usr/bin/Xorg /etc/X11/X'. Then type 'sudo /etc/init.d/kdm restart'
ok, thanks a bunch!. :)
NO, 1.5. ok
ide
did you set the jumpers?
its set on slave
Disk is OK, 2 bad sectors (23 <unconvertable> C / 73 <unconvertable> F) - Is this it?
jups
The 2 bad sectors can make the files not show up? Will fscking it do the trick?
depends where, if they are in the mbr, you have a problem
ntfsfix was clean - NTFS partition /dev/sda1 was processed successfully- Still the disk only shows the trash dir... Advice?
maybe the files are just deleted , do they appear in your trashcan?
Nah, some files do appear in the trash but I did delete those from the drive. All other files seem to be disappeared
I have xfce, and i don't speak english really well
any ideas?
after installing xubuntu desktop on ubuntu - i can't see icons in OpenOffice. though when i go back to gnome session ther is no problem.  any idea?
i can't boot into that part of ubuntu
<> does it search in all hubs for a single file?. how do i install linuxdcpp from bz2?
Thanks, I have the output of that, I don't know what I am looking at/for should i pastbin it for you?
ok
[URL]
ok, type dpkg -l | awk '$2 ~ /grub/ {print$2}' | xargs sudo apt-get -y install --reinstall
Ok i did that and here is what I have [URL]
[URL]
And that is the output of what command?
df.  as root user
am i able to use the standard Win XP remote access software?
so i can not work with compiz
you can still run it.  but its not gonna be all that stable.  hang on
ok
here try running it as follows from a terminal compiz SKIP_CHECKS=yes
ok . got it  thank you soo much. tk u tk u tk u is laptop is for my customer
Yes, it can, but I don't want to install all those libraries for k3b
can you point me to where?
<> if i click on the clock to bring up the calendar it totaly freezez both panels
ok thats more info which is good
<> they arent entirely frozen, like they will blink if something makes a change, but i cant click them
i dont use it but i'll have awebsearch
<> and i really enjoy having a clock
you running beryl or any other nonesense like compiz
<> compiz-fusion. <> its a relatively new problem though, happened when i uninstalled "songbird"
i can't issue e #mount /dev/??? because the disk isn't seen as a disk. sudo fdisk -l doesn't see it, ls /dev/disk/by-path doesn't see it.  what lines?
and do you know how to enable the sound?
i don't know what she did other than set everything to default (pulse) i think and she has no problems. !ru
strange..
she does have 8.04 not 8.10
and probably x32
yes
then i'll do it without any sound, I don't want to switch to x32
i warned her about 64 bits...i've seen a lot of people complaining
i am prime searching, my 4 cores always 100%, x32 is not string enough$
she doesn't do anything heavy..not needed
thanks anyway
mate , you cant mount something that isnt in /dev/ and hda1 or hda2 are simply not there
didn't fdisk -l just show them?
it did, which puzzles me.
maybe it's a udev thing
"ls /dev/ | grep hda" gives me only /dev/hda
Doesn't exist
it does : ~/.Xauthority.  it's in your home dir ( note the dot)
ls -a doesn't show it.  My bad, damn caps
ls -al ~/.Xauthority. it probably has root:root currently
done it, says it's mine, still nothing
ls -al .ICEauthority
also mine
and you still get that error?
Ya, anything to do with them being -rw-...
the app. whether I open via gui, terminal, you name it.
what are you trying to do ?
well, I'm trying to open gparted....... that;s it. just open it.. I want to launch gparted and utilize it.. it seems to be random. I shouldnt have to use a livecd to format a flash drive. I just shouldnt
you can't resize or do much with it on the drive you're using ,
I really hate to sound like this, but what is it thats misunderstood? I'm trying to OPEN gparted. Period..  I know what I'm doing from there. I just need to open it.
didn't mean to insult your knowledge , but we get lots of ppl trying partiton a mounted disc. maybe purge gparted and reinstall it
I did purge it :(.  for some reason my mac isnt liking the fat flash drive I formatted with ubuntu's disk utility, so I wanted to try gparted for comparative reasons..  it opens fine on my other laptop. both are 11.10
ok, where do I find the source code? such as the somewhat non-standard strcasecmp function - where is it implemented on Ubuntu?. I finded the strcasecmp source from NetBSD libkern
not? Has anthing changed recently? I tried it a while ago?
so do you know howto setup a static route in the routing table to ONLY accept destinations of 10.0.0.X and pipe them through a specific iface ?
I don't have the pci card, I want a sata raid, and the mobo manual actually says that the PCI card is only for SAS raid and that the mobo should be used for SATA raid.  still sure it's fake raid?
yup
can you please tell me why? :0
gateway
*:)
yes
They used to have a script that you could run. it would check on a regular basis, and download the issue (and/or podcasts). If they're still using it, it's on their site or listed in the beginning of the magazine.
ty. by the way it's useful this magazine to improve skills in Linux?
Im getting it.  how?
LOL.  So you really don't have an answer?
I lookd but cant seem to find any place where its storing that information
It's been driving me nuts since install.
if your in unity, try switching to clasic and clearing it out the old fashioned way
I didn't like Unity so I switched back to classic. It doesn't work like it used to
gnome3 here :) I have no idea
Is gnome3 working?
its unsupported
Ok, I may try it on my test laptop. I don't like Unity at all
I installed with debootstrap and installed from a ppa, avoiding installing unity and gnome all together
You had no problems doing it that way?
bashscript?
bash command line
i get a permission denied.  can i do sudo cd directory ; for f in *.png; do convert "$f" "${f%.png}".jpeg; done ?
do you have writte permissions on the directory ?
no i dont. its in /var/www
where is this dir located?.  you can not do <unconvertable> sudo cd <unconvertable> cd is not a command. nor is for.  do <unconvertable> sudo -i <unconvertable> and use that shell
mm ok, so what is the final command?
do <unconvertable> sudo -i <unconvertable> and then in that shell <unconvertable> cd directory ; for f in *.png; do convert "$f" "${f%.png}".jpeg; done <unconvertable>
ahaaa, so i make a sudo shell actually here i have full permissions
fresh ubuntu install?
how do i tell?
password management
Thats what Lastpass is for - not what a Yubikey is for.
it is for a one time password and other 2nd layers of authentication . was thinking about ordering the new one with NFC... it's $50 though
Feisty
just a second.  10.04 lucis. *lucid
!info httpd lucid. !info apache2 lucid.  so the user running the webserver, is that www-data (I can't remember without checking)
yes, it's www-data
uplaod music to my phone
i use banshee with my ipod, but it makes it so it won't work with itunes anymore. you might not want to mess with your iphone because it could become bricked
i see.  i remember this name spork it's been a long time. hmmm.  meanwhile i'm on solaris so i guess i'll wait and see
its an ubuntu problem, not a python problem
i know that but i'm making script to install ffmpeg & node.js so enduser can easily install this packages and as per ffmpeg guide they have some different packages for the server and desktop so i'm thinking to install only needed packages for the servers and desktop
the user cant run apt-get install ffmpeg?
we needed some custom features not all the features of ffmpeg so i needed those features only
will just do uname -a.  it will tell you if you have the sever or genrec kernel.  if you have unity there probly desktops
ubuntu server has generic-pae & desktop shows generic only
Server is Ubuntu 13.10 and client is Win 7
what do you do on the remote system?
Server is Ubuntu 13.10 and client is Win 7
why do you connect using VNC? What do you do on the remote system?
No terminal access, just GUI atm..  It's just so I can manage it without having to be in the same building as it, it's over a gigabit network (With over 500mbps throughput) and it's performance is very poor.
manage in what way? Updates?
Updates, ensure Web server is still on..  And just generally change settings and config the machine - kind of just doing everything.
you can run updates using apt-get in a terminal. Youan check web pages are up by connecting to it from the windows pc..  all can be done over ssh, much faster
Of course, but i'd like to be able to remote into the desktop.
> i just get the "enable hardware acceleration option" were other options supposed to have been there?
let me try. What website are you having trouble with?
> just about all of them...but try [URL]
ive converted and burned at least 3 cd's, the same exact way. never had any problems. mp3burn doesn't like me
why ?
doesn't see my burner
i think c?
IceCrew, ruby, python, c?. IceCrew, well if you plan to submit packages to ubuntu, canonical prefers you submit python based packages
is python difficult?
IceCrew, not nearly as difficult as C. IceCrew, and in that case you just need the pythong gtk bindings
and you should give up call me IceCrew, one day he'll beat you up
Dr-Willis: yeah haha i was wondering if one stood out as the best. i saw a bunch
it all depends on yur needs and the details
something that will be simple and clean, i just use c++ for my programming classes
a little vague.. try geany i guess...
haha sorry about that. i took a look a geany. it looks perfect for my needs
using what program'
depends on the application? I only used file-transfer with my mobile-phone.
im trying to connect my mobile phone to
What do you want to do with the connection?
download ring tones
i now what is iwconfig. the problem is with WPA
>> Huh?. >> re-make it?
install the package called "checkinstall" and run it instead of "sudo make install" when you recompile it
>> sudo spt-get checkinstall?
sudo aptitude -y install checkinstall
>> What the heck is "sudo aptitude -y install checkinstall" doing in Intrepid?
what do you mean? that installs checkinstall
>> it is removing a ton of stuff
no
any other multimedia apps runing evan a web based audio plugin?
nope
onboard audio card or add in audio card?
onboard
only one audio card no addins aside from onboard?
right
what about a VOIP add in (usb or ethernet ip phone?)
nothing like that
what version of ubuntu?
dapper
was the sound initialized with the live cd and after install did it function?
arggggh...... forget it.  don't ask, too embarrassing :-)
i did :(
yes
then i did sudo apt-get update
torcs. <> Torcs game
if I remember correctly there is a build in one in ubuntu however I don't recall the name?
vinagre
I suppose I need to install this on the remote and on the client right?
no, dell laptop
ah but that's a bit different. my issue is cross-OS, sleeps in one, resumes into a different one
that's an almost funny problem
I know :P. But I'm guessing the issue is somewhere on the boot record? idk, I have deactivated hibernation in Ubuntu, and on OS X it just does it by itself after a few hours on battery
i'm sure you can disable it in OSX as well.  but that's just a bandais
yeah that's the issue, if I don't use it for a few hours, I loose all my open tabs and stuff, I have to reboot it and work without internet
in the meantime though you can certainly disable hibernation in OSX and you can at least keep your work
no work is fine, it reopens automatically, but I usually have 100+ tabs or so open and I can't always open them when I'm away from home. but the bigger issue is that it does it in the first place
true...if you can't fix it right away you can always "System Preferences>Energy Saver. Adjust your settings. Set Computer to sleep to Never."
9550GE. ASUS ATI 9550GE
I can't enable coolbits with the ubuntu package no matter what I do
okidoki
and the extra performance what I get by overclocking is significant :)
by desktop-effects I mean compiz and the integrated eye candy.  I want to make a script that disables it (apart from other things)
i have a intel core 2 duo 2Ghz. pavilion dv6 1330sf
10% is pretty reasonable, is it full screen?
no it does nothing : just waits for hotkey to call him for a screen capture. it should be 0% . (or about). imho
never going to happen, its high data to capture the screen in real tine and spit it to a file. Think about what is happening and the data size etc. Think about what is happening.  its a seriously data intensive action
yes i understand this during the capture. but the 10% is even when no capture is done
?
not unless you have to
what happens if I delete it?
why do you want to remove the log file?.  you lose information about your system
thats OK, but it doesnt break anything if I delete it?. I want to remove it because it is 396MB big
repeat; why? :-)
^^
sounds like you maybe need 'logrotate' ?
so, is it OK to delete it?
ty checking that out.  404
ubuntu geek gives pretty decent advice.  google search for: add to gnome menu and hit i'm feeling lucky
ty. interesting that accessing it that way works better than from the System > Preferences > Main Menu item. that seems buggy.  i take it back. neither work. keeps unchecking Debian menu
weird.  i dont use metacity so couldnt comment personally
each window manager has it's own menu tree? I just want the stuff I install to show up in some menu :D
its new pc dell 745 and vista runs ok on it
where should i ask?
hawke u mean i could type wrong command for say like fdisk -and-fuck-it-up ?
exactly..  you could also add to /etc/sudoers:  root = NOPASSWD: /usr/bin/hddtemp
hawke, can i create a script? that i can /exec -o to? and script does a sudo with password and voila?
the above-suggested method seems the best to me.
root ALL=(ALL) ALL this is all in my sudoers file in etc. and %admin ALL=(ALL) ALL
well, I want to sanbox mu whole position, like a timestamp . so I can go back in time to my previous position
ok, what do i do?
<unconvertable>  First, type about:config into firefox.
alright
<unconvertable>  In the filter, type plugin_expose_full_path or something like that.. <unconvertable>  When you find it, double click it to make it true.
i searched "plugin_expose_full_path" and got nothing
<unconvertable>  k, then just search for fullpath
its set to false
<unconvertable>  double click it to set to true
alright
yea. apt-get remove apache2
swap partition
NOO!!!!!. :).  did that work?
what?
what ActionParsnip suggested
Yes, I've used the live cd also. When I do that I can delete, create, and format the partition. After that I can reboot ubuntu, and the partition is there, and the ubuntu gparted recognizes the partition. I've installed the partition into fstab, but the next time I boot the partition is gone.
i've read that you can corrupt it if you don't shutdown properly?
hmm. you completely lose connection? or the download stops?
the thing is, it will be fine as long as im not downloading something with a lot of bandwidth, a torrent say, or running a big update. i lose connection completely, and i cant get it back unless i restart
that's wierd. sorry. <unconvertable> does anyone know of a touchscreen calibration tool that works in Linux?
I don't know. It's in the first one
does this mean it doesn't recognize my card? Its a DWL-G520, supposedly supported by 6.10
if it is a wireless card, it looks like it is detected..  the unknown device is just theat unknown
okay. but the unkown device has grabbed the device name wifi0. So, when I try to set up my wifi in the networking app, it's setting it up for wifi0 (the unknown device)
does it just list the unknown device, or does it list other devices in iwconfig?
it lists two devices in iwconfig: the unknown one, and the WLAN one (wifi0 and ath0, respectively)
I'd try to work with the ath0 one then, and see what happens
Okay. I don't know how to set up the network using command line arguments, so I tried the networking connections tool.
are you using a encrypted network?
yes
ahh, well iwconfig is not hard to use, just man iwconfig.  you have to sudo the commands though
okay. I'll give it a try.
the problem could be the "password" thing you may have to type in the long code to get it working in linux
yeah, I've done that..  how do I attach the wireless networking extensions to the device? It says they are attached to the unknown device, but not the WLAN device.
humm, that is weird, I have no answer for it
okay. Do you know how to manually set the logical names? I would like to just switch the logical names and see if that helps.
humm interesting idea.  is this a PCcard, usb or what?
it's in a PCI slot.
Add? How?
Find the part in /etc/network/interfaces for your card then add 'pre-up sleep 5' directly underneath it (will be something similar to 'iface ath0 inet dhcp' (won't work if you use network manager)
Ah, ok. What does it do ?
how do i add myself to the fuse group
prefs, users and groups
and then: properties==> open blahblahblah (FUSE). i already tried that. doesn't works
I can get puTTY to work for command line functions, but not for X apps
how are you accessing the cmd line?
ssh session
put ssh -X <user@address>.  put ssh -X <user@address>
it does not allow that. It starts up with a gui interface.
I'm just guessing with what I do with my Linux boxen
yup, got you.  me too
lol. doesnt it say on their site?
not really
useful...
I'm sure there is a way. It does have a place for a display location.  I have no idea what that means
i know my mum's laptop uses puTTY somewhere and she receives graphival apps across the internet. although they're both running Windows
Yeah, I can picture that working easily....but I need access to X apps on my Ubuntu box. I hate running XP, but my laptop will run nothing but or it overheats like crazy.
check it for what?
its for the internal network.  just want to see if it is at 100mbps or 10mpbs
ok
go under encryption, and make sure "Use SSL 3.0" and "Use TLS 1.0" are checked
... hey're checked .... the httpS website used to work. they're checked
So how can I?. I have .java and .class files.......... would it be possible to run my server on linux?
but i did try thru mplayer. i got an errort
once i know the driver, how do i update it?
have you looked at System>Administration>Hardware Drivers?
you can update from there?
are there restricted drivers there that are not enabled?
in there it doesn't show anything but my wireless card that i had to activate. i need to update my video card
yes, but it says, that i have to download 3 packages, i can't access internet from ubuntu
how ?
@ - qry=
huh?
00:1b.0 Audio device: Intel Corporation 82801G (ICH7 Family) High Definition Audio Controller (rev 01)
which media? the cd?
lrojas: well reboot and give that a try that should reinstall whatever the restricted manager was doing..  yes. lrojas: if not you can try removing that package
I suppose not... I don't know how.
it looks like there's an update for this bug, but i didn't receive it [URL]
invoks: php5 installed. libapache2-mod-php5. andy that. and that
know how to fix it, by chance?
i2c-nforce2, but I thought they were loaded by sensors-detect?
I don't really need a DM at all, but an undocumented dependency on dbus is a modest bug, IMO.
I am not certain, it worked fine before the upgragew
so the open box in a gnome program, like bluefish will not contain my webdav repo?
every time?
Ubuntu 16.04.3
Version: 1.5.1-1 <-- sudo aptitude show banshee
tks but its a mp3 utility which should be iconized in the apps/media I know how to run it ok
Ok, the res I want is not in that list. the max is 1024x768 I KNOW my screen goes 1024x1280 @60hz. how do I change that?
can i check while im on the pc now that grub should come up?. grub customizer is what i use now
nope. boot the usb. there error checking option is available once booted.
right, i mean the PCs grub i dont know if it got touched, and I have no other way to boot, its a USB based pc. so Im here now before that happens, finding a way to reinstall grub now.... Grub customizer works right?
i must have misunderstood. I thought you said you were making a usb and got some kind of grub messag at the end of creation. that would refer to the usb NOT to your installed system
ah precisely what i thought
I dont like gaim too much
performance was really bad for me... like unusable and still plenty of problems with opengl games
doeas it usually take long time to bring it up?
I will try that now brb.  nope same thing happens ...
brb, going to take that cable off that computer.... i barely believe the ubuntu cerom is failing that bad... any known issue on the 10.10 installer?.  using compiz? install compiz fusuion icon and use it to fast change between window-managers and test that
ok I will try that brb
i had that issue once, but it just dissapeared by itself
ok
yes
yeah. the gcc c compiler
I just can't get the suspend option to show up in the shut down dialog, the manual command works
strangely the webcam isn't showing up at all with lspci.
with gnome, and with k3b.  it looks like it's burning, but the result is an empty disk
yes , thank you
: I have 2 sound cards and everything else works fine with them
hmmn, how? o.O what do I need?
google :)
google will help in general, but not in ubunu. :P
Interface doesn't support scanning..  wlan0 nor ath0
oh yeah you said only wired not wireless anymore...try to reload the drivers for your wifi
how can i do that?
free99. it's minecraft is the only thing i have running
so it's running on... openjdk or something right? Sorry I don't know a lot about minecraft
system is a proliant server ml110 g6. yea. jdk headless
well... how do you know there's a leak? System eventually starts saying it's out of memory?
yes. looking at the logs. i see that a memory leak is detected before it has a kernal panic
if you can get some of the logs on pastebin I might be able to uncover something. make sure whatever you're pasting doesn't have sensitive info in it though. p.s. can someone help me with my kernel issue?
[URL] free99. there u go i took the last bit of the log
Lets start with the basics, you have a minecraft install from ubuntu repos or somewhere else?
lol else. it's a custom forge setup
so the channel is closed?
add.. I want to add a mount command for a samba share and use an alias to activate it.
and as user?
Uuuuuuh... Not sure how nautilus really mounts devices nowadays....  As far as I recall, right-click the device in Nautilus and choose "Unmount"
The context menu in Nautilus only offers something Id translate to eject and <unconvertable> remove safely.
Eh... Well... uh... Try them both and see which it is
Already did that. And then the device node /dev/sdX was gone..  In both cases.
Weird nautilus is weird. I suggest you use "pmount" to mount devices as an unpriveleged user, it seems to work nicely and at least makes sense
Is there a pumount command? I want to unmount it.
well at the very least do you know which on has better support. I hear currently nvidia has better drivers upport BUT AMD is workingto provide oprnsource drivers?
Not really, I just use my computers for basic stuff.
ah
college papers email surfing the web irc is about it
the simple life hu?. haha i want to play with openc CL and gpu computing
but i need it
logout and back ip? no. in*
that recognises the group change
ok i will try that now thanks again
so you are still not in the groups you added ('groups' will confirm this)
i can see my self in those goups
can you post your groups output, and the output of ls -la /var/www to pastebin?
sure a sec. -rw-r--r-- 1 root root 284 Jun 4 03:21 index.html. so must add user to root group right?
how can i get it working?
looks like you are using an old tutorial. What are exactly trying to do?
install tuxguitar
installing it or using it?
install then use.  if i start it i get /dev/sequencer: No such file or directory
I get the same error, its irrelevant. Could it be, that tuxguitar is working properly but you just don't get sound?
well, the whole point of tuxguitar is to get sound, otherwise it's useless, every once in a while instalation succeds and i get working sound but i don't know why it wont work now.  i'm pretty sure it has something to do with the missing modules
I dont think so, that issue is usual and also happens to me on every new computer. Start tuxguitar, go in the tuxguitar settings and tell me your settings under "Sound"
tuxguitar sequencer (should have real sequencer in there), midi through port (should have java sequencer in there)
"should have"? you are confusing me
when tuxguitar works, those options are available, the java sound sequencer is included in the installation files, if i run the exact same binaries in puppy linux the real time and java options are available
so you can't even start tuxguitar?
i can, but the sound doesn't work
so "tuxguitar-jsa" is installed? Under Midi Port I got the option "Gervill" (I think thats the java thing) which is working fine
gervill is not java sound sequencer.  and i don't even have gervil on my installation
so? I don't have any package called Gervill too, but it is working
i found gervil but if i run it i get error "midi system unavailable".  [URL]und.midi.MidiUnavailableException: Can not open line
what tuxguitar version are you using? would it be an option to you to run tuxguitar over wine?
i would rather not do that, in the past i've used timidity every once in a while but that lacks a lot of instruments
How do I.  Can you guide me through
but gaim is minimized in small icon. i don't have focus
sorry. 11.10.  in available layouts it only lists american englsih
no, its a nvidia based laptop
The SOUND chip.
nvidia + amd. oh um
If it's an HD Audio, it'll be snd-hda-intel -- Intel made the HD Audio standard.
how di i find out?
yeah.
frogz: haha.. nah in windows it works fine..
can you read from the dvd: sudo dd if=/dev/hd# of=/dev/null bs=10000 count=10
no medium found
thanks
np, I've spent the last 3 days getting my damned wireless usb device up and running... so lemme know if those aren't helpful
I have airlink that I have never had luck with on linux. it will show the wireless acess points, but never really conect
which one specifically?
it looks like a thumb driver. I will give you the serial number... .  AWLL3026
Have you tried looking up to see if theres a different driver for it?
It shows it on my network settings, how can I tell if it is connected?.  no, I am fairly new with linux
You say you can see wireless networks in your network settings?
wireless connection
The Ubuntu wiki page says it should work out of the box, so, you might want to make sure that when you open 'Network' you enable the wirless device, and disable all others.  'activate' rather
okay, so I will uncheck the wired connection and see if I get a connection
ok.  [URL] <- this might help too if that doesn't work
test. yeah, didnt really work...  where did you see that it would work right out of the box?
see your PM
I can't see a pm
type /msg  test
I don't have a seperate window with you in there .  I am using xchat
In your Networking menu can you see any networks on the drop down list?
no.  No.  I assume you mean the ssid
Have you installed ndiswrapper? Yes I meant the ssid
I don't think so. I will try
<unconvertable> is "mol(mac on linux"
[URL]
<unconvertable>  it said cannot found the "mol" package
(EE) No devices detected..  which is odd because right above it it talks about the SiS card being hte primary device. ;0. (II) Primary Device is: PCI 00:0c:0. (--) Assigning device section with no busID to primary device. (EE) No devices detected.
100% sure on both counts. I burnt a CD with the burner half an hour ago using media from the same reel as the current disc in the drive.
lewoco: do you have two drives (maybe it's looking at the other one?)
Only 1 CD drive
lewoco, bad CD?
I tried a second CD, no difference.
lewoco: there is space to write on the HDD (not that it should need it if you're burning an ISO)
hmm, I selected Brasero from the right-click menu instead of "Write to Disc...". The dialog that popped up looked the same, except that it now recognises the CD-R..  Probably just a bug.
. I've got no panels now. gnome-applets-data refuses to be installed, configured or removed. dpkg: error processing gnome-applets-data (--configure):. subprocess post-installation script returned error exit status 139. Errors were encountered while processing:. gnome-applets-data
ok thanks. I'll try that instead.
Cheers . !  looking at the device manager tells me alot of information about my WUSB54g but I don't see a driver number??
where can I find that?
in the system BIOS.. has it always done this?
would that be the same as like enabling USB to work under DOS..like USB mouse/keyboard support for DOS/boot up stuff?.  Yeah it has but I think I turned that option on prior to installing once.. nano!
but /etc/fstab i mentioned the uuid and location
if it's a san mount. you're going to lose it when you suspend the vm and it comes down. resume won't remount it
ty what about NFS.?
you're going to have the same issue..  [URL]
i need to do manually any option to automate.?.  ty dude. this is the one i am looking for
no problem
if i configure with autofs resume operation also it will mount, whenever i access it
it should..  obviously your network needs to be up and the host available
nice dude and ty.. host means SAN or NFS.?
suspending vm's can be wonky some times though. because the system doesn't really know it was suspended.. the san. you can't suspend. go somewhere else where the san isn't available, resume, and expect it to work
ok i will make a try.
mount points
mount points are any directory on your system?
exacly, i mean i do a lot of mount -t cifs
thanks
nothing
hmm.. it feels like such a cheap solution.. but have you tried rebooting?
yes..  also both my CPU'S are at 100% LOAD
it has worked on this hardware fo the last few releases no problems without any special intervention, usually just works out the box.  yes netbook.....  Network controller: Realtek Semiconductor Co., Ltd. RTL8192E Wireless LAN Controller (rev 01)
are you having Atheros? linux module ath9-? ?k?m ?
not sure what you mean?
type "lsmod" in terminal.  or "lsmod | grep ath"
no ath*
then it looks like a messy driver for wifi in 10.10 like the "ath9", what is your WiFi config? A, B, G?
hmm again, i am unsure what you mean by A, B, G sorry
you have Router with Wi-Fi or Access Point?
a router with WiFi (SKY).  its weird as it just worked 'out the box' with previous releases
if i apt-get install kubuntu-desktop will kt keep all my icon settings etc.. or is it just better to wipe the partition out and start from kubuntu install ?
I think the kde preferences are mostly independant of the gnome ones
one think i like about gnome is that it has the TWO panels one on top one on bottom,, can i change KDE to do that?
it is not showing there
does not show ppp connection?? what connections does it have?
its ppp
so you do have ppp! click on it and select Preferences from the button on the side
leavce that..suppose i am connected using wvdial and my connection get desconnected every10-20 sec or more and it get reconnected again..what will be the reason
k. thanks
What a great idea. SSD cache documentation for bcache is frying my brain. Hence why I'm looking for other solutions
:) ... seriously, what kind of speed do you want that ssd can't provide? put them on a faster controller?
I want better speeds on HDDs but without buying SSDs. Mainly due to the cost difference as my budget is severely limited. Because I have a 128gb RAM machine but HDDs normally would completely die under the load
I have the same here
I use HDDs on a 72gb machine but fear 128gb would just be too far
Well, how about running some stuff from a ramdisk?
I could.. although thing is I ideally need to use all the RAM on the box.
clone the ramdisk from a HDD at boot... sync it back out at shutdown
A RAM disk though obviously uses RAM though doesn't it?
OK, well, fast controllers and multipath disks then
Yeah... As in different RAID options?. E.g. RAID 10?
If you want fast disks, but 10 disks in a stripe_mirror array on fast multi-path controllers
Hmm.. I wouldn't want quite as many as 10 disks as I could just buy SSDs then.. hmm. In reality I only need 2x 1tb hmm
Unless there is a lot of I/O going on, the kernel cache should be quite sufficient
Thing is, there is an awful lot of I/O going on. Lemme get some figures
well, the closer you can get it to the CPU, the better then... I return to ramdisk :).  sounds like you just need to get your head around bcache
Sounds like that to me too..
play with it in a virtual machine config
As in a normal virtual machine and just make multiple hard drives?.  Is this high read/write for a HDD? http://puu.sh/6ZKR9.png
unholy, sorry for delay. I want to know if I'll install openVZ on a desktop-ubuntu machine .... others proccess and jobs from it, will continue de run fine?
they will be separate.
I know..
what are you trying to accomplish?
openVZ will don't affect the rest of processes ?. I want to install openVZ to make some virtual machines, but I want to be sure this job doesn't affect the rest of apps which running on my PC
did you read what openVZ (and virtualization in general) is about?
I think yes.. I know the openVZ will virtualize the kernel
good, I guess I can disable that in my kernel :D
it's only a few k, not sure why you'd bother
so that I know if ever it really is important? :D
that will delete / rewrite all files, including config and so ???
No, your configs are stored in your home directory, APT won't touch them.  Just delete them if they're broken and let evolution recreate them
k, that's what I want ....cause i'm having troubles importing a pst file .... and I think reinstall may solve this .....hopefully ....
Probably not
what is tricky ...every 2 reinstallation of ubuntu evolution works without any problem .....  it did not change a single thing .......  i want to completely purge evolution from Gnome, then reboot, and after that install ...is that possible ???
Well sure, but.  It won't fix anything -_- Reinstalls never fix anything, unless there is some missing file
Ok, but how come 3 months ago I've imported pst with no problem and now I cannt ?
Ok, thank you .. Also, I am trying to apt-get something and am getting E: Unable to lock the administration directory (/var/lib/dpkg/), is another process using it?. ?
I just insert into the USB drive, and for some reason doesn't recognize it.
I'm trying to restore a backup, but it seems to have gotten stuck on "checking for backups"... Either that or I'm being impatient
Hmm. Run htop, see if it's acting up..  This never occured to me. It's very straightforward app.
'htop'?
htop, or Run "ps -aux | grep deja" -- Whatever the dejadup command is.
Ok... What am I looking for?
See if RAM or CPU is really high, that's it..  Are you trying to restore a large backup? If so, that may be the reason.
Doesn't seem so, no
How long have it been?
I'd say... about 25 minutes
Okay. Clearly something happened. It shouldn't really take that long. Different versions?
Nope, same version. I just did a reinstall
and if it shows nothing I run 1.1?
it says it couldn't find the package lamp-server.  this is a new install, to you think an update of the repository is needed?
chroot /home /bin/bash. seems that everything is screwed I can't run any command. They are all unknown
I was expecting some reference to AHCI but his seems to be connected via IDE
yes. on my other vm with 11.10 its no problem though
what do you have set as the system-wde monospace font?. *wide
where can I see that?
I have the family calendar on my machine (.ics files).  everything works fine if I am logged in. I think I just need to have the wireless start on boot. But I don't know how to do that.
you would want to edit your IP table to allow connections from your local network ie: 192.168.x.x and also have the apps loaded into the /etc/init.d or the umm... startup file which i forgot the name of.  the script is /etc/rc.local
thats sounds right. So, I'll read up on init.d, that a start.
that loads apps before you log in.. so it can run your wifi and your calender prog. !rs
Ah, that sounds right. (I am returning to *nix after hmm 16 years )
Video is working, rather, I have a problem running quicktime videos: there's no audio
mplayer?
Mplayer..  I tried totem, but I can't stop it from using xv which causes a hard lockup on my system
grab the latest mplayer from source along with the latest codecs
alright
also see if you have any audio playing a dvd, etc.. using mplayer
avi and wmv and mpegs and some quicktimes work fine.  just the newer quicktimes that don't have audio
I cant update gdb
So I gathered. Please provide the command used and error message received. Pastebin these.
in update manager and error : W: Failed to fetch [URL] 404 Not Found
as in?
if the box won't boot when the harddrive has power, that sounds like a hardware issue, unless your getting a softare error
ok,so what's next?
i downloaded some file and it got saved in archieve manager but i don know how to open it where to search for
what format file, what are you trying to do with it
i downloaded some file and it got saved in archieve manager but i don know how to open it where to search for
that is true.., but doesnt hardware-raid present the raid-x drive as a single drive to the OS?
when i play hd videos on vlc ( 720p) i have a blue bar covering part of the video on the right side
yea, nothing.
a script ? hmmm
can you tell me a good vnc server name for xp?
tightvnc
tnx
how can i set wireless channel, it gives error 'operation not supported
i tried 777 and 755 for whole home dir.  do i need a specific permissions for ftpd to work?
users need to coincide
hm what does that mean?
but it doenst let me login
it shouldn't be the problem - must be something else..
If i connect to my [URL] it gives the error reverse mapping checking getaddrinfo for stargate.morraye.local [192.168.1.1] failed - POSSIBLE BREAK-IN ATTEMPT!
lol -badass
? why?
thanks
hdc: command error: status 0x51. hdc: command error: error 0x54
whats that do
yeah i tried that
Oh. You mean from a script!.  I get it..  You can't. However, if you can run the script in the current shell: . /patch/to/env.sh
yeah the bash file contains 'export THIS_VARIABLE="value"'
Or, well, source /path/to/env.sh
:-/
Instead of running it.
so bash -C "source /path/to/env.sh; echo $THIS_VARIABLE"
Yup.
hmm. thx.  it does not work
[URL]
hmm. weird im not getting those results ><.  try it with an export?
I'll give it a spin thanks..
.. nice.. :).  what does your nvidia-settings says about your graphics processor? .. mine says C51 .. strange..
says GeForce FX 5200, which is what i have
I got a 6150.. strange that i doesn't say that.. maybe some setting I have to change
i installed it via .bin file from Java but it still says update 26
thats because /usr/bin/java is linked to your 26 installed version
ooh. thx
sudo pdate --alternatives --config java
thx
it manages to boot maybe once every 10 tries and the wireless works, but most times it gets stuck. what do I press to enter recovery mode?
in what folder are programs located in. i am trying to open a file witha program
but i can't make a live USB on a mac, how can i do it?.  i tried the latest version, but it does not show up on booting
and did you download the mac ISOs? what kind of mac do you have?
i got the ISO from the Ubuntu website, i am not sure if there is a special ISO for mac, my mac is firmware 8,1 macbookpro 2012 and i have OS X 10.9.3
yes there are as i mentioned above earlier ;)
oh, how can i find them?
[URL]  i have no idea what the differences are though
oh.  ok downloading it now.  will come back to you after i try installing it :-)
ok you're holding down 'alt' after the boot chime yeah to select the different device?
yes, previously the live USB does not show up, even after several restarts, will try this ISO file and i will let you know :-)
it's probably how you're creating it then
oh, what should i do then?
all
: it does said something about saa7134_dvb so maybe its dvb
I've tried changing his monitor to the correct resolution in that, and it works for the login screen, but as soon as he actually logs back on it reverts back to the old 800x600..
well did tell ubuntu to work the correct version of his monitor.  also is you are using the non-restricted drivers that might be the main problem. if*
I'm using the 9.* driver installed by Envy =\
it does support hot plug (ahci) but ubuntu is not showing it
ahci doesn't mean it's hot plug, that's just one option
weird if I hot plug a hard drive it does mount it automaticaly
does your dvd drive have a disk in it
yeap
is the dvd drive hot plug supported
?.?. no clue, how can I know that?
thanks. I am not sure if that will work with java 9
could you offer any advice on how to secure it..?
with ssl - I've found it very good
especially flood controls, etc
not had much in the way of flooding, but overall, not had a problem
alright thanks i will look into it
onething to keep in mind is your maildir format on the imap server squirrel mail is fussy
what do you mean?
check the squirrelmail help but maildir and maildir++ and things like that effect its behaviour, as does the imap server
ok.  would you mind quickly explaining how to enable ssl for squirrelmail
well, there is 2 points, ssl on the imap server and ssl on the apache server, its not really squirrelmail
oh well they both have ssl already. i use webmin which runs with https
ok - so when you configure squirrelmail just tell it to use ssl.  and make sure your ssl domain for webmail is using ssl
thats the part i dont know how to do
which bit
how do you force it to use [URL]
Thanks  do you know a good wireless card for linuxs?
okay
Thanks :)
link?
loshki: sudo apt-get install swat
did you do any of the stuff it talks about here? [URL]
yes all of that has been done and verified multiple times
DSL? does it have a GUI?
of course!
does it come with firefox installed and does it work with pcmcia cards?
i did, it did NOT make any sense, since i've never found out how to figure out the directories in terminal
Like Kdenlive for video editing and pavucontrol and ffmpeg, stuff like that?
what format are you talking about, though? :)
The new Ubuntu package format coming out for 13.10 touch and 14.10 desktop.
the primary limiting factor will be things that aren't readily built on arm.  which is called?
I forgot
I am
Hm, I was pretty sure they got mounted on login.
In fact, that's where I'm running this chat from. sftp works just fine..  They get mounted, but as a FUSE filesystem. The nfs-kernel-server doesn't read it.
Can root see the files? True on my system.
Yes, but not nfs
Oh, no idea then, sorry.
I'm thinking I need to install a userspace NFS server....
thirste: i only got lynx to browse
hold on a sec then
cheers matey
u mean the alternate cd ?
all users, i've ssh'd into a test server. as root
so it needs to be set system wide in all shells?
yes
> I do, yeah...
System->Preferences->Sound might help
> I checked. The checkboxes are all selected, yet I get no login sound and such
thank you :)
[URL]  Tell me how that works.
thank you :) trying it now
You will most likely have to reinstall.
it's giving a lot of errors...it didn't find ndiswrapper for example. is that normal?
Lets try another way, go .. System > Administration > hardware drivers
was my first attempt; it showed nothing for me
That results in an error, "URL seems to be made for proxy but contains apt-cacher-ng port. Inconsistent apt configuration?"
Chaneg the URLs and dont use Acquire::http::Proxy on the client.
Hm
I tried to install an ATI card, but gave up and am trying to go back to my original "Generic Driver". But I didn't back it up, and now I think I'm screwed.
give me a sec ill get you a link
awesome, thank you
megajuice [URL]
I'm looking at it now
megajuice im finally tripple booting on a 32" lcd sweet
yeah i've looked at that probably 100 times. I need to get the driver for my generic card that I have.
megajuice worked for my onboard ati
yeah I tried to install it, it didn't work, I got pissed off, and I put my old card back in.
megajuice I know the feeling
what card do you have?
megajuice it took me all day to get my 32" lcd working. megajuice onboard radeon express 200 nothing fancy
I've been trying for 3 days. I have a Radeon 9550
megajuice its not easy brother but i think i seen something about your card on that site
probably, I'm gonna keep looking
megajuice ATI is a bitch in IBEX. megajuice are you 32 or 64 bit
32
yeah cool, now i can ditch this smuxi, thanks
thats output during the compile...but in .config, i SPECIFIED k8.  http://paste.ubuntu-[URL]
AR242x.  hardware drivers show it, lspci shows it, but i can't get it to come up in the network manager
does anyone know how can I link the two files?.  yes it's a simple makefile (3 files, 1 .h and 2 .cc)
you should be fine, unless theres a problem with the code, thats the only thing that your pastebin shows.
uhm the problem is that one of that files depend on the other so compiling it I get an error.  /home/dany/ToCompile/kinect-apps-playground-fingertip-detection/[URL]:313: undefined reference to `FeatureExtractor::Process(unsigned char*, int const*, int)'. collect2: ld returned 1 exit status. make: *** [simple_gesture] Error 1
firefishe, I know, I did that, FF isnt recognizing it
stwange
I'll say
thanx but i dont find it in there can it be that it has a completely different name?-.-
- what package is is?
linux-ubuntu-modules-2.6.24-1-686
i updated a bunch of stuff and now i get a kernel panic at boot. cannot boot
k. what is the error? cannot mount /. ?. if you press escape and pick a different kernel out of the list, does it work?
no. stuck
what's the error ?. need more info than 'kernel panic'. cuz that can be a lot of things
says Panic: Circular Dependncy...exiting
refresh rate
what video chip?
its 60hz for the laptop lcd which is too low for a crt ... ie it hurts to look at... its using the savage Xorg driver
is the CRT a clone of the lcd, or a different screen?
clone of crt ..... cone of lcd on crt i mean
ok, I have refreshrate 85 on 800x600 and I can hace alot more
yeah.. you can add the --reinstall switch to apt-get.. but i think there is something wrong with the dependencies... i can no longer view pdfs with either acroread or evince
if you want to reinstall - i think you will need to march thru them yourself :(
:( that sucks... but i guess i will have to try it
never mind my question, i have to go
they are USB
ouch, sounds like the USB wasn't properly recognized or, you might prefer to use the (not always present) PS/2 ports. :(.  unplug and replug them? again just guessing. :(
yeah.. the power button doesn't work either (unless i hold it down) im guessing its an HID problem.  they work fine in Intrepid. (on it now)
disable ACPI or is it APIC during install.
will try..
it. it 's very slow
need more details. what is slow exactly
get new software package
that works for me. i dont really like wma. or acc
o.O
it just says "No proprietary drivers are in use on this system"
ah, most times that will start the hardware app
what do you mean?
the one you were talking about
in the image for this machine i installed nvidia-93 manually.  then i removed it now.  before the last reboot
93? thats a bit new for your card
maybe that's what's causing this problem?.  -96 i mean.  i should be using -71 instead?
it's not a permission issue. same result
, im trying to follow a mix of two tutorials i ve found in the net but unfortunately i dont have the knowledge enough i suppose
link me those tutorials i would like to look them over. a bios update is vendor specific (hp,dell, or mobo manufacturer) so it should be an interesting trick if someone has a workaround
[URL] [URL]
Does PHP not have an interactive console like Ruby or Python?
it does, I just don't know how to use it, it's more commonly used to be served from web servers. Although I know you can run it from the command line. I just don't know how.
If you could spare me a second, could you just then write a PHP file that would print time(), and then give me the timestamp it returns?
yeah. printer scanner copier stapler
thanks a lot.. but i get an error saying mplayer not found when i do.. "sudo apt-get build-dep mplayer. " after i download and configure as per the insns
what version are you trying to compile. For what chip?
i m using a x86 chip.. and i downloaded the latest version of mplayer from the website which was MPlayer v1.0pre7try2.  i m using a x86 chip.. and i downloaded the latest version of mplayer from the website which was MPlayer v1.0pre7try2
sudo apt-get build-dep mplayer-586
still the same error "E: Unable to find a source package for mplayer. "
what is the point of it though? Like what does it allow you to do
I SSH'd into the machine, and ran xmessage, but it returned "Error: Can't open display:".
then you arent the user you want to message.
Hm, odd. I SSH'd into the box with their login creds.. And they are the only user on the box.
then just set the DISPLAY variable to the running X server.
Er..how do I do that?.  How do I set the DISPLAY variable?
linux-signed-generic-its-vivid. linux-generic-lts-vivid. linux-virtual-lts-vivid
but what did you do to see this...
during installation on vmware
of what ISO?
i downloaded the iso image. sec
please press enter less
ubuntu 14.04.3-server-amd64
well that likely installed with a 3.19 kernel anyway, but i recall no step where others are chosen - or made to be chosen
i chosen the one is highlighted from the beggining of the opened page. i chose* beginning*
what you just said doesn't make any sense to me
well i will printscreen. and let you see it. yes
crossover office
ah right
so, yes.
You have to pay for that?
It's giving me warning messages to pay them, if that's what you mean.
positive...it's much faster. specially when searching for a song...
I have "processor 23360 2 speedstep_centrino,thermal. ".  also : freq_table 4740 2 speedstep_centrino,cpufreq_stats
ok i will check. i tried alt + prtSc but there is no file in ~/Pictures/
No so I can use my PCs internet over a secure VPN while I am out in the city
so you want to connect your ipod touch to your private network from anywhere?
Yes. So my data will be encripted
how woudl you be connecting to this network? through wifi from somewhere?
Yes
wouldn
Over the internet, there are three options in the iposL2TPPPTP IPSec
wouldn't it be not worth your time since you are connecting through random wifi access points anyway?
ohh Then what is the VPN good for if I cant make a secure connection.. Thanks anyway\. I did not ask permission I wanted to know how
yikes. this is production webserver.
thanks.
new soundcard in what? ALSA? Pulseaudio? and what profiles are supported besides A2DP? this thing is not A2DP...
but i didn't created any backup and that was my /etc/hosts file
Well, you'll need to recreate it
but there was too many contents in it and i really don't remember all of them
What?. Often when I try it just ends up breaking X11
no it keeps insisting something is accessing it, but I know for absolute certain it's not
try losof /dev/cdrom
was that a typo?
yes lsof :)
ahh that's handy, it's saying that an editor I closed 5 minutes ago is still using it
ps ax | grep editor
yeah I just tried to kill it and it ignored me. -9 too
No  I don't think so.. I'm a bit rusty, but it should be something more like "3.3.0 NVIDIA 295.49"
its a MS-Tech USB Mouse, with 2 buttons and a scroolwheel.
but than the cpu will always run on its max.  to render a web page with flash its just one second. that's not enough to trigger the governor
Hey guys, Im trying to install Ubuntu on my PC here but on every CD I try i get a bunch of errors along the lines of "Buffer i/o something something SR0" and then it quits with a kernal panic.. what do I do !?.  Sorry the error stated SR0 not HDA1.. that was a mistake :)
- that makes a difference. it would seem to suggest that something is wrong or not cooperating with your cd drive.  -- can you boot into and OS and use the cd drive without problems?
No sir.. I tried the live and alternate CD and both give me these errors when i select either install or boot from CD.  But when I use the CD drive in windows there are no problems at all
- ok - that's what I was looking for - confirmation that the drive works. Did you try burning the cd at a slower speed? I've run into that once or twice, and that 'fixed' it for me...
I have burned it at 8x 4x and even 1x.. all the same problems
- whoa - you're way ahead of me :) That's strange indeed. Are you burning it on the same drive you're reading it from?
No im not. Because for some reason the drive im burning it with does not see the disk as boot disk. So i had to swap it into a DVD drive to boot
- can you swap drives around to try booting the cd from a different one?
Due to powercable shortage i can only have 1 drive on at the same time. So its either the CD-RW drive or DVD drive. When i hook up the CD-RW drive it will not boot into CD at all
- interesting. Are you reseting the jumpers on the back of the drives when you switch them around?
Not at all
- just double check those -- depending on their configuration they may be set to master/slave/cable select and that (maybe?) is causing troubles?
What would you recommend ?.  Keep both of them on cable select ?
is that under system->Administration->Network ?
it's the network-icon thingy in the systray.  if I left click on it I see the available wireless networks
hum, I start it and see "network settings" but no where to browse, even after unlocking
is your wireless networking stuff working? I just left-click on that icon and the roll down menu shows the networks.. together with the wire networks.  this is kind of the way it looks, [URL]
well having problems with it, but I installed other tools and they seem to see networks (kismet, wifiradar, etc).  so maybe there is a problem with mine then... I have a intel 4945 chipset
terminal
yes i know. ive been doing it in hda analyzer. but i dont wanna keep doing it.  i wanna just make a script uppon start up
System-Preferences-Startup Applications . this is one.
do u know anything about the hda-analyzer.diff file? do u think i can make it load upon start up
I am not familiar with that . but as you want to load it upon startup . there are some approach ..  you can write to the /etc/rc.local
because if anyone has any experience in hda analyzer they all know that all the settings will vanish after restart.  i can put the .diff file in their?
you can look that file ,you edit it and write some commands there for the os to run upon startup
yeh but the .diff file has alot of stuff in it lol.. do u need to put any option lines or anything like that in their?
at your case ,maybe you can edit a "patch"command for the .diff file
Know any Patch commands?. !patch
I though , it is one configuration file that will change every time you restart , isn't it? then how about the .diff file .It is diff original-configuration present-configuration?
yes everytime u restart the settings go back to normal but i do believe the .diff file stays the same
right; but ur saying with visual effects i cant vnc?
try it.. i bet it will be ugly
screen doesnt refresh
I tried to install an ATI card, but gave up and am trying to go back to my original "Generic Driver". But I didn't back it up, and now I think I'm screwed.
give me a sec ill get you a link
awesome, thank you
thanks ! now how can I see if the attached sata hhds are working?
can anyone tell me how to disable unity in ubuntu 11.10?
I just did...
sorry didnt see your response. gnome 2 still working?
do you know how exactly I use it?
: what would you like to do?
just sync a folder with something else, I'd imagine its something like rsync <source> <destination> or something like that
both result in unmet dependency warnings with samba
then try sudo apt-get install libwbclient0
that also fails because of samba dependency problems
not sure about esd...where do i do that?
yes ?. what is name of that menu
right click in panel click add to pannel
I did,. but I cant find that panel
the whole pannel is missing?
what the hell ? what is this spam
2.6.35-22-generic
buts its all 3
I have no idea. How do I check that? This things is really new to me.
I saved the new one in a different location, but when I try and replace it, it says I need permision.. How would I replace it using terminal?
nope, central
well...unfortunately there is one post of the fourth june about my printer WHITHOUT ANSWERS....... :-(
google, then?
no, there aren't results....
correct.  i have also applied an Emerald Theme, but i removed that one
Any help, better place where I can ask ?.  laptop.
what make / model?
it's a DELL inspiron 1546
the text within shell. I'm on ubuntu server and I want to change the font to the ubuntu monospace font
no i.  no im on feisty.
why are you trying to wire on the livecd?. write
because upgrading to feisty hosed my system. Now i want to burn files from my home folder so i can blast this drive clean and start over with a fresh instal.
you have to write to a new cd...you can't rewire on a cdr that's already been written on
yeah i replaced the cd in the drive with a fresh blank but it still refuses.
refuses to what ?
to burn an iso image to a bkank media.
Didn't work.
Great, what is the best server soft to use on the ubuntu box, realVNC server is is there an inbuilt linux vnc server to use?
well, ok, sharks and dolphins.  not really fish
I ran memtest and it seemed to freeze immediately. It's not like it started testing memory and then froze, it's just frozen as soon as it comes up. Needed a hard reset..  Have not checked hd
memtest from boot-menu? ... sounds like broken ram or or board to me
Yeah
will it take data? or is it another paint program?
oops, port.  I don't know
But aren't there other, non-ubuntu distros that get rid of the root user? I'd like to not have to make a hack for each one.
well, i just wanted to make sure it hasn't actually done anything. because i'm copying a lot of important files. that i can't afford to lose. (i accidently hit ctrl-T while they're copying, (cp is running))
if you have stock keyboard shortcut settings, you should be fine. doesn't look like it's set up. shift+ctrl+T = new tab
i'm more worried about something like ctrl-C
Thanks
no sound
did your packages fail though,
no they didn't fail. But it got stuck at 66% for a few minutes.
mine are actually failing, Connection failed [IP: 82.211.81.151 80] ? ?
lawl. man. I've been trying this for ~1 week. and then I can just apt-get it. :/
in ubuntu always try synaptic and apt-get first
I tried Synaptic.. It didn't work. :/
idk ALASA
how do i get it to work. well i having trouble getting to understand how it works. !ftp
a server or client?
well i want to be able to access it from a client
because it says so with every startup
the second wifi card has been removed.  right now I just want to go back to what previously worked, namely the madwifi-hal drivers.
if you have tow, their names are shown. if you have only one, its name is hidden
when I plug in the usb it shows 2 devices, but neither of them is the ath/madwifi that is onboard, nor do either of them work.  it shows a list of ssids, but the boxes that should show connection strength are all empty
i don't know what is that but please tell me how and i will do it :D
I mean, just have no graphic, you will get all of the text rolling by but you will be able to see some progress and such if that is your purpose
i don't think i get you very well. my purpose is to fix my ubuntu desktop to can work on it, now is some twisted line grafics ...
but the graphic problem is just the little boot graphic right?
the problem starts since the login screen appears and further when i login too picture is twisted
oh I see, your initial question was unclear. You must have problems with your X configuration.  not sure how ubuntu is dealing with that these days, you could edit /etc/X11/[URL]nf though
i don't have a clue idea what happened, but after normal ubuntu update the picture went to hell
what updated
dunno it showed it has update from ubuntu
k..but i don't need ntfs, just fat 32
Oh, perfect.  Windows on the first partition?
yup. it was my only real prob with it
thanks i'll try
is there any performance increase for a desktop
you're going to hate me, but depends. which raid configuration are you looking at
y would i hate you? what does it depend on?
a lot, thats the problem. Depends on the raid configuration you use, the hardware you have, the speeds of the slowest hard drive
i was going with software RAID0
I can't get my serial card to work. Doesn't load the serial module
What card is it? i.e. Manufacturer etc..
Communication controller: Device 5372:6872 (rev 01),Subsystem: LSI Logic / Symbios Logic Device 0002
Have you tried using manufacturer drivers?
didb't see any linux drivers on the disk
yep
move the mouse away from the taskbar? :) personally i love the featrue. i discovered it by mistake. heh
i have a sensitive wheel, so it gets annoying :\
id say right click on the task manager and see what properties it has
already tried that
that's actually kindad funny
the freezing isn't though -- try disabling all plugins/extensions.  usually it's flash that causes hangs
ah! now you're thinkin' with gas
!thanks
No,  .. But I haven't done anything to cause this, really.
Installed something recently?
Nope.
i have no clue some update crashed my system and i am not able to boot into ubuntustudio12.
Try to detail this a little more, like is there a grub menu, and if so what happens when you try.
i tried to repair through rescatux and i get an error saying grub was not installed something went wrong. kindly help me share the log. and if you can fix that would be of great help to me
yes. the Ctrl-H shortcut doesn't help
i mean to change themes and such...
and you don't have GNOME installed?
yes i have, but im using fluxbox... do i have to use gnome?
Then there is no way to change gdm theme???
is there a log I can look at to see why it happened?
/var/log/messages, though i am not sure it has the actual kernel crash
I looked there, and it shows all of the startup activity from the reboot, but not the actual crash.  Is there any established way to go about troubleshooting this?
maybe the log file was just rotated at the time of reboot, so might have to go back one step in history. just ls -al /var/log/ you will find it
I'll look...
i would say that the display shows a kernel dump, pictures of kernel dumps are ok nowaways.  mythbuntu channel can give you more hints on which log files to check
not sure I understand what you are saying about a kernel dump.
yes it does, the name is "LinuxServer"
if you "ping LinuxServer" .. does that work?
ping: unknown host LinuxServer
ok, first of all you need to make an entry in your /etc/hosts file
I have never done that, I beg your batience, can you help me on that?
add a line like this like this: "192.168.1.33 LinuxServer", where the 33 should be your real ip part...
ok, I am trying
sure, use "sudo gedit /etc/hosts" to open the file
ok, done, so I guess I have to restart my networking right?
nope, ping should work now
no it is not
. Ok. Can you ping 192.168.1.x address you said you use?
yes I can, I installed a Apache server to my Ubuntu, everything is working pretty good, however I wonder what should I do in order to access the computer using a human name like "webserver" thatn writing 192.168.1.x ??
i know
sorry, something qrong with the copy/paste.  cmrabet@CM-Laptop:~$ ping 10.10.10.210. PING 10.10.10.210 (10.10.10.210) 56(84) bytes of data.
ok that works?
Iyes, when pinging to the numbered IP it works
ok then you need to put *that* 10.10.10.210 address in /etc/hosts
[URL] that's my hosts file
ok, moment.  ok. First of all, you have a double entry in the /etc/hosts for LinuxServer..  oh, 1 moment.  before you were not able to ping "linuxserver" ? Because before it was on your 127.0.1.1.  let's take one step back :) Edit /etc/hosts and put an "#" before your line starting with 10.10 ...
so shall I delete that line? mas.msft is our domain here
well, that one should work. So disable your [URL] first by inserting # before that line
I have done it, but still the same result, Don't you thinkg that I have to restart the netwroking in my server?
no, that's not necessary.  type "ping 127.0.1.1"
from the server?
yes
pinigint to 127.0.1.1 I get pong
are you talking about more than 1 machine?
yes, I am now in a desktop machine controling the server throught shh
ah.. that explains
so from the desktop machin when I try to do this: ping LinuxServer it doesn't work
12.04 64-bit. P.S. I already uninstalled the compizconfig-settings-manager
?
Check edit: preferences: playback: enable crossfade backend
that's not gapless.
Yes it is, check Rhythmbox docs.  I had the exact same reaction as you, but I read up on it and tadaa, gapless playback
roger. Thanks..  not quite gapless, but closer.
Then it's most likely a problem with the tracks themselves. Most of my music plays back with flawless gapless
when played through my iPod it is perfect.
<unconvertable>  is it better than using apt-get.....ample bandwidth
[URL] it only talks about dapper
llutz slip-driver?
really. That sucks. Thought there was a way to change that
The Virtual Machine
I downloaded the "desktop" one.
i have download it, but when im trying to install it it says stop.. and say that i have i686 and its have no support for it or something
what is that ? :) not to literate with all ubuntu specific names :(
try running this script.. it test some stuff for compiz [URL]  hehe.. it's an opengl demo thingy.. some twisting gears in a window
give me a mom, connecting :)
it's just a quick test to see if your video stuff is setup right
ok so just follow on with the commands thats it ?
did glxgears work?. !canonical
gears show fine.  the module just says that it encountered an error checking the memory size, all other things say ok
then try the script from the webpage.. there are instructions there
i already ran that :) thats where the memory error showed up
hmm.. hang on.. let me check something
sure :) im just tryin to figure out what is causin this, because i just had to run recovery and fix some consistency issues (my whole desktop was locked up ( ).  ok i installed nvidia-settings now, and it says all tests [ok]
hmm.. so all settings are ok.. and it's still not working?
nope:(.  all problems started 3 days ago out of nothing
might have been a kernel update.. don't remember when the last one was.  what kind of graphics card?
5200fx
I do get a command line when entering the recovery mode from the grub menu
that's just for file names, right? I don't want to search inside the files
xemacs?
jack_sparrow: I get an error: Upnp not found, whenever I run the setup. It brings me to a different setupd screen where I put in the user and pass (both correct), it says cannot log into server and loops.
I cant help other than pointing you to a room full of people running mythtv
jack_sparrow: point away please?
I say something that talked about gstreamer.  but I am not playing any video or audio
so "cd ~/jUploadr-1.1.2-linux-i386; ./jUploadr" should work?.  or can i simplify that?
you could put those commands into a shell script and point the launcher to that
how?
try that combination first before getting into shell scripts, we'll see about later if you heva trouble starting Jloadr deal ?
deal
okay, does it start ?
"Failed to execute child" process "cd" (no such file or directory)"
just to check if i'm with you .. you're trying to run JUploadr from a menu ?
a launcher that i made on the desktop.  a launcher that i made on the desktop
i see, you'll need to re-check your paths in the launcher commands
the paths are golden.
i thinks it's a 3d modelling tool
yes, you mean a structured systems analysis tool ?. or a simulator ?
i was looking a data modeling tool :), databases
dmseg only states that the link went down. And drivers i suspected as well, looking for some others..  Freshly installed server
does it start at eth0 then go to eth2?
0-3 =)
hmm. Did you change your hostname and reboot since it changed
Where eth0 and 1 have aliasses, and are bonded (bond0 and bond1).  IT had it from the start
interesting
but the Release Notes say that the 8.10 [URL]nf is not compatible with legacy drivers
reinstall command gets around dependancy "issues" when you just want to reinstall something with fresh cfg files.
a terminal eg. it always opens in a really small size, starts to be annoying...
compiz has window size hooks in 'place windows' if you use that, or else use an app called devilspie
where do i find this size hook?
in compizconfig-settings-manager it's in 'place windows' (window management section), you will need to enter a hook like the windows class name or something to identify it, than you can enter x and y coordinates for size
thanks
if you see the 'place windows' settings, second tab called fixed window size .. do you have compizconfig-settings-manager ? some use simple-ccsm and i'm not sure that provides that hook ..
okay thanks
oh the patterns of bash script u mean ?
i cant do that for some reason, the menu isn't there. Is there a command I can use?
it only shows 800x600 nothing more than that
- is this a laptop or regular computer?
laptop, old one
- type this into a terminal : sudo xrandr -q. use a paste bin to gimme the output. no . on the -q
screen 0: minimum 640x480, current 800x600, maximum 800x600 deafult connected 800x600+0+0 0mmx0mm.  screen 0: minimum 640x480, current 800x600, maximum 800x600 deafult connected 800x600+0+0 0mmx0mm
[URL] - modified the crontab, but no luck :-(
yes...
I havent installed it yet, just trying using the Live CD.. can I supply the uid to mount?
tried that. but for some reaon the last column shows blank
Do you remember doing something before that happened?
nope. just about finished setting up a test mail server. on the system
what a pity...
no, there is optional encryption. in the compress tool
yea
apt-get remove kernel-versin-you-want-to-get-rid-of
thank you
how do i get hte permissions? i used sudo. it worked the first couple of times i backed up
what filesystem is used on the backup disk ?
how do i check that?.  msdos
grep -i samsung /proc/mounts.  well you can not store unix permissions/ownership on a vfat filesystem
/dev/sdd1 /media/SAMSUNG vfat rw,nosuid,nodev,relatime,uid=1000,fmask=0077,dmask=0077,codepage=cp437,iocharset=iso8859-1,shortname=mixed,utf8 0 0
when I tried "glxinfo | grep direct" everything went black and I was back at the login screen, is that a full boot?
I don't know, but when I try to create a new partition it mounts the device with the name "ubuntu...."
ah ok, 'dd' 100MB to the start of the drive after deleting the partition on it and it'll be nuked
what is the command ?
but I was in directory /vmware.  so it was like: $ sudo cp /vmware/* /windows/*.  have I lost them?
depends on what was in vmware, any file that had the same name as a file in windows would get overwritten I believe
I just had one file in that directory
so if you had a, b, c in vmware and c, d in window, your windows would then have a, b, c, d with c coming from vmware
I had one file called VMware-server-installer-e.x.p-23870.exe. in /vmware
then your /windows should be fine
there's no VMware-server-installer-e.x.p-23870.exe. in /windows.  great :).  that gave me a scare, thanks.  what's this all about though.... cp: omitting directory `/windows/Documents and Settings'. cp: omitting directory `/windows/found.000'
y cant i put the hoary edition on it?
it has all the security patches backported.  dont mix distributions, either full upgrade or wait till april
i did a full upgrade last nite =\. i dont know if i wanna go thru that again
I just installed hoary array 6 and I'm using a 3com atheros based card, but it's not configured
ever since i upgrade to newer ubuntu distro. i thought it's an ubuntu prob. but i guess it's because newer version of firefox sucks.
well.. I wont make up my mind until I've tried it on a fresh install
mine is fresh install of ubuntu.
all right, but I need to install that version, how I could to do?
why do you "need" that version.  that version is a development and not stable and meant for general use yet
not need to be the 9.04 version, I could to compile it!
I don't bellieve so, I upgraded from 8.10
what video card?
ATI ... the catalyst toolset seems to be installed
is that what they are called? the ones next to the wifi, bluetooth and sound icons.
indicators.  I'm right now working on unified keyboard indicator and I can recommend you to study code of message indicator (one used by gwibber, empathy and tbird).  it's pretty understandable
thanks! :).  I tried writing a panel applet the other day (I have one that controls my music laptop over ssh) and It just lacked a good api
i think it's all pretty uncommited type of interfaces and apis ... it may change anytime.  gnome and related projects really doesn't care about documentation a lot ....  (my point of view)
fair enough, it doesn't bother me... but is there at at least an indicator that someone has written that uses a lot of the features? would be handy to look at that source...
I thought it broke the C++ ABI everywhere?
- i installed ffmpeg from apt-get install but i built it last time so i want t build it again
why do you want to build it ? building things when you don't know what you are doing can have serious implications to your systems stability ?.  is there a problem with the package from the repo ?
- no. - i need experience
yes.. (if it's compizconfig mangager, than i installed it_)
the way it appears.  trying to make it look more like MAC OSX.  i loaded up a theme called Mac4l. lin. mac4lin. but the taskbar looks like shit
I can't use sudo!. I somehow dropped myself from all but one group. what should I do?
No, I'm not. It's quite nice, I was thinking about rolling up a package for it
I checked wiki and it says only gnome is problematic. which I don't care :/
I presume you only have hoary lines now?.  it's doable if not a bit crufty
yup.  well I will report any success :-)
I run sid+experimental+hoary myself pinned to sid to make things easier
well unless it has extreme borkage I will stick with hoary only
well i have 3500 amd 64, 2 gig ram. can i pm you  im getting a headache trying to keepp up
a 2 gb fs? sounds slow to make.  i know nothing of time though
ok well let me ask this. should i have gotten the 64 bit version. or will this work
nope
what did you use?
just type gedit and name of the file I want to create
edit in a mode that it is changed
rephrase what you mean....
If I type : lspci -v I will see that my ethernet controller: Realtek Semiconductor Co., Ltd. RTL-8169 Gigabit Ethernet (rev 10) is displayed it has kernel modules: r8169 assigned to it. I want to change it so that r8168 is assigned to it and not r8169
hardware failures can be really flakey...  blacklist the one you dont want to use. and load the other module
because I have already blacklisted r8169 and it is still showing
rmmod it...
I already did that
I've put one in my router, but it still has the same problem.
Is it forwarded properly?
maybe not. Got some tips?
lol, other than read the manual, not really. Every router is different... Make sure you are forwarding it, and not triggering it, and make sure you are forwarding the right port to the right server.
ok, Thanks. Is there anything in the server I could check? i've set it up on a non-standard port...
it says... cannot install on glibc2.0 linux
with
geforce 6600GT AGP
but do you know what upnp is?. it usually allows unauthenticated clients on your local network to establish a port forward to itself. imo, it's not something you want :)
ok... so do you have any idea why nicotine still says my ports are closed?
probably because it doesnt use upnp?. just forward the port manually. [URL]
ive converted and burned at least 3 cd's, the same exact way. never had any problems. mp3burn doesn't like me
why ?
doesn't see my burner
its a cdrecord frontend
well cdrdao works... but mp3burn doesnt seem to
it won't let me.  the option to do so is greyed out
still getting the hang of linux and i cant get lm-sensors to say anything other than virtual device. and my feet are cold
okay did you install all the lm-sensors dependencies?. this would be the eye candy desklets or screenlets app i take it?
nope, maybe? how?
ok maybe you can first tell me what version of ubuntu u are runing and what app is using the lm-sensors
im running ubuntu server 11.04 and i wanted to see the temps and fan speeds
ok ur running server got ya.. okay i would go over to the Ubuntu-server channel. i am not so familiar with server as i am desktop. wouldnt want to tell you wrong thing
ok, thanks!
Yes, I have a Buffalo Wireless router.
ok, are you using NAT on that buffalo?
Well, that's a good question. How can I find out?
is it like that fort most linux distros ?
its already plugged to my router
oh
its a NAS not a USB
does it ping?
what?
does it have an IP address?
sorry im new i dont know what that is. im sure it does
i wanted to add it my repos...so that i can get any updations
backspace?. why?
sorry- i want to be able to ssh from my terminal
at starting it is normal login screen appears
i added a user, with shutdown priviledge only, but I have not added the user to admin group, so it would not work?
how did you give them shutdown privilege?
via visudo.  like usernam ALL=(root)/sbin/shutdown -r now
that should work without the user being in admin
but it is getting an error, user usernam is not allowed to execute /sbin/shutdown -r now as root
yes
then you can find a [URL]p in the build directory. place it in /boot, preferably renamed to match the current kernel version.
errrm build directory?
where you put the source for the kernel you built :-)
the CD?
did you not build this kernel from source?
yes, from the liveCD. I didn't do it manually
you don't mean "installed from a package" right?.  "build from source" means "compile the source code and install" :-)
ohhh. sorry for my misleading info then. still a newbie, which I believe you already figured out :D
i just would like to have multiple people working on a website i have and thought it might be good to have svn (or simmilar)
Sure, but, via ssh? HTTP?
either i guess. but http is preferable
ssh is the easy one.
ok
If you have svn installed and they have ssh access, svn+ssh:// will Just Work.
so would you be able to do the ssh way from a windows client?
Yes..  I know that TortoiseSVN supports it, at the very least.
oh well i was gonna use tortoise anyway.  so what do you need to do to set it up?.  ive only ever used it from a clients perspective
First you need to create a repository..  "svnadmin help create" for more info on that..  Are you familiar with putty and pageant at all?
not really.  ive used putty for basic ssh connections
Same problem as me?
the ubuntu version is old
it was working for ages, then suddenly did this. even deleteing .kde/share/apps/amarok didn't fix it
yes, mine occasionaly hangs on the start, usually it works it self out after a reboot or the removal of the ~/.kde/share/apps/amarok directory. lol ribs. you thought of the same thing i did
:).  people who use amarok a lot often have to do that, I think :)
but all is stopped by libcups that will be terminate for any strange
oh, hmm.  no error?
and so the is impossible to update the system
manual way? not running gnome.  i got this in my /etc/network/interface: iface wlan0 inet dhcp
and it doesn't do it? if you do ifdown wlan0&&ifup wlan0 ?
yes, that works. :) the problem is it doesn't do that on boot.
is it a pcmcia card?
yes
have you done anything unusual in init.d?
havn't modified it at all. hotplug devices are pulled up, wlan0 find's most suitable AP, just doesn't send dhcp request.
in the boot sequence, you get "starting card services" before "configuring network interfaces"?
that i'd have to check..what's the cmd? dmesg?
i mean for caching small things
if you're talking usb3 with old IDE drive...
hmm so my ole 7200 rpm sata beats a sandisk cruzer flash drive for memory caching?
I have the ubuntu 11.04 server install can't find /media/cdrom issue
during the install it can't find /media/cdrom ?
yeah need to ln -s /cdrom /media/cdrom
yes new install
And you installed gnome-shell?
not explicitly I just did a normal install
Oh, so you are not accustomed to Unity. (Is that it?)
LOL I'm not accustomed to linux. But I've had it with windows
It says access denied, though when I connect over the local network it does it just fine.
are you trying to use root which you've horribly created a password for?
Nope
yes, now i am using ethernet, but the owner live in a place without adsl
Find the modem by going to a terminal and typing dmesg | grep ttyS It should show up as ttyS5 Test in terminal sudo screen /dev/ttyS5.  Your ttys x will be differsnt.  I happen to have a similar xircom here... 10-100-56k
dmesg tells me 00:0c: ttyS0 at I/O 0x3f8 (irq = 4) is a 16550A that should be the serial port
Test in terminal sudo screen /dev/ttyS0 but I dont hink it will be.. that looks like std external serial port
i obtain a blank screen....
type atz.  followed by enter of course
i tried to type atz in screen, but i see nothing, btw i dont know screen
Then that isnt the right port Use ctrl-A then K to kill the modem terminal.  from terminal type lspci and look for the modem
00:03.1 Serial controller: Xircom Mini-PCI V.90 56k Modem.  should i try to install linux-restricted-modules-2.6.22-14-386?
Does it matter that I installed RoundCube from my package manager? (apt-get)
I didn't know it was in there. I remember when I installed phpmyadmin from packages it went somewhere most unexpected.
I can access the login interface but when I log in it says 500 internal error and anything I click brings me back to the login screen and says session expired/invalid
you done this? [URL]  which suggest /usr/share/roundcube as the main install dir
I've found that directory, I already created the sym link.
it's possible that installation is complete as part of the config process. So maybe there is no need for a /installer directory ?
I'm going through dpkg-reconfigure roundcube-core right now. This seems to be what I was looking for.
and the roundcore-mysql is installed too?
Not sure, let me check.. Unable to locate package
so if i wanted to install a program i would make a folder in there and then put the files there?
lolz. it was a lot faster on xp
thank you for clearing that up :)
The GNOME themes are just GTKthemes.
ok. 1.x or 2.x though?
yaeh mine yes
login to the remote system with : ssh -X hostname
the other one is a mac (but "should" be similar)
-X will enable X11 forwarding, the app display will be sent to your local X server
I have logged in yet. i'll try
Don't fix that ?. why ?
spam the channel with it
sorry, but only I know how much important this bug to be fixed for my sample application.
mmm... then was disabled on the upgrade
gigabytes lol
:).  you can try df -h
ty
is the results you want?.  ^_^
not really just wanna know how much memory i have left on my pc :)
yeah it says a lot of stuff... that do not belong to actual config...
so the CPU might be going a full speed.
it says: Purpose: RemoteWare Client
Okay. But  What about the external IP?
so user, so permissions are right
ls -al .config/hexchat/ | nc [URL] 9999
[URL]
<unconvertable>  It's my machine. <unconvertable>  I have root password
try pressing the greyed out unlock button
<unconvertable>  Nothing. <unconvertable>  I fear I've been hacked... but there must be a way to remove the user if I have root pass
if you put the alternate install cd in, ubuntu its self should recognise it as a package cd and offer to upgrade from it.
it says "smartctl: command not found" a typing error maybe?
ya that's all i need to do really. Thanks let me see if I can get that to work.
its not "complicated" to me, i use it a lot. but you have to use quite a few steps.
ya the main problem for me is that the partition is lost (literally). It just dissapeared. So i can't type things like dd_rescue /dev/sda6 /dev/sda2 because i don't have a distinct partition to scan
ubuntu-restricted-extras is not installed on my computer. openjdk-6-jre, openjdk-6-jre-headless and openjdk-6-jre-lib are installed though.
a Droid with USB tethering
[URL] google-fu!
I mean in the CLI.. The networking applet is automatic for everything. But in the recovery panel I can't download updates for dpkg without a network connection,
I've been told that parsed PHP files should be MIME type text/html, but it's application/x-httpd-php.  yeah. libapache2-mod-php
thank you. :)
so my microphone, mic port, and headphone port will work
can't i just edit the control file of it
now my fonts got thinner. lol. how do i get a list of the fonts. man setupcon ..?
/etc/default/console-setup
so edit that and envoke setupcon -f. ./usr/share/consolefonts
oddly enough, the image restores much faster (percentage goes up faster) if I just hold enter
i am looking out for uploading
in that cause any file upload would suite right?
yes.  do you have information offhand
yep same problem
id alt-ctrl-f2 and run sudo dpkg-reconfigure xserver-xorg since it seems to be an x thing not a user config. before that are you using beryl or anything?
yes im using builtin feisty.  compiz*
ah. hmm i had a similar problem that was solved by upgrading version of beryl but that might be a pain on ubuntu. umm are you using nvidia or ati. you might upgrade graphics driver that'd be first thing id try
hrm im using intel drivers..
i915 setup?
yep
Assuming they're permanent.  yeah, I mean more for storage partitions
axa.  chmod: changing permissions of `setup.sh': Function not implemented
merci
i think
let's find out :). neg, not there
no it is a full install of server 10.10 with Desktop GUI installed on top. but I am running this command through SSH
Well, it complains that the fs you are on is read-only. I note that you said mkdir mnt/sdd and not mkdir /mnt/sdd so is your current working dir on some read-only meadia?
Can you offer any advice?. just saw your response :-)
What does pwd say?
it just tells me my current dir
Which is?
/home/user
Any idea why that is suddenly read-only?
if I try sudo mkdir /mnt/sdd then I get the same result. nope not sure. maybe I need to be root?
Well, you *did* put sudo in front and also, the complaint was that it was read-only. Perhaps you have had some sort of fs failure that prompted the partition to be remounted read-only?
I am not sure. I do know that my developer is doing some work with Puppet on this server and there are a bunch of items in the /mnt dir that I think are related to a Puppet run. any thoughts on why that might cause the /mnt dir to be read-only? Does Puppet do that while it is running?
well i want to copy one hard drive onto another. and the destination hard drive is empty. i am doing rsync -ax /mnt/hdb/ /mnt/hda/
just once?
just once. yes. where /mnt/hdb is the source and /mnt/hda is the destination
Pestilence: To move files from one hard drive to the other.
javascript
visit [URL] and compile the source you find there enabling javascript
thanks .  for shell that is?
i think so
ja, just tried it. except that OSS is old/outdated
Complicated question, but, does anyone here know how to, or what to edit, in a gtkrc file to allow a system-theme panel background?
loudnloma helped me get the flash working just about an hour ago, there's no problem there :]. i'm talking about greasemonkey specifically
the drive is auto mounting... but the links dont work until it is opened once
ok
as in 7xxx?. 7600, 7900, etc.
yes, i have an 3yr old 7600gt, and its fine on the all the distros since 8.04
are you recommending this because you know it works, or because i need that for performance?
yes.  yes it is. rt on hardy worked with fglrx.
hmmm, i don't know much about real-time kernels. i don't know.  what version of the fglrx driver?
what would you do on a normal kernel?.  I dont know. I have tried to install whatever is in the Ibex repo.
i don't think there is an fglrx driver in the Ibex repo... unless they recently added it, because ati only recently cam out with an fgrlx driver that works with kernel 2.6.27. s/cam/came
not this then? [URL]
i would download the this file... ati-driver-installer-8-12-[URL]n, make it executable, and then run it while i'm in x-windows, then reboot... that's how i would install it.  ok. going to look at link now..  looks like an older version of the fglrx driver than the recent fglrx 8.12 release. my version is... 8.56.4
I will try that download you suggest. Thanks. BAck in a bit...
thanx. I Will check it out.  where what I line I Need to change?
my drives are not showing on disk utility or in places bt i can see them on gparted.  its an ntfs file system
try 'sudo mount -a '.  so long as your drives aren't corrupt, you will be able to access them on ubuntu..  any progress ?
i [URL]s says can't find sdb2 in /etc/fstab or /etc/mtab
do you have more than one HDD ?
i have 2
k, how many partitions ?
only one on that hard drive
there's something called ntfs-3g. umm, you have that installed, is uppose ?
no
how to check.  how to check that?
lsb release -a
ubuntu 11.04 natty
hi chai, thanks for the response. it gives the same error message. it always just says "file: could not find any valid magic files!" no matter what file I apply it on
What does `which file` say?
anaconda3/bin/file, it uses the anaconda distro. well ~/anaconda3/bin/file
You might get better help in #python or something like that..  Assuming that Anaconda is the Python distribution.
aye it is. it seems weird to me that a core linux command like file would use a version that comes with anaconda, but I suppose it has to do with the python magic libs I use. anyway, thanks for the advice, I will try
The user's home directory can contain a bin directory. If it does, the files in it are used before the system files..  If you want to prevent that, move the distribution to some subdirectory of the user's home directory instead. Then, its bin directory won't be ~/bin..
ah right. but it's not ~/bin though, it's ~/anaconda3/bin
is there a better alternative that behaves like Spotlight or Alfred from mac?
that also used bash
yea.. noticing that also. :P.  not sure what the deal is. heh.. make a new profile that runs the shell ya want. I perfer the 'fish' shell myself.. chsh changes the user login shell. This determines the name of the users initial login command..  try it at the console.. it used the new shell there for me. :P
I figured it out. I'm running zsh as a custom command rather than my shell
heh.
under Edit -> Current Profile in the tab Title and Command I checked "Run a custom command instead of my shell" and typed in zsh for the "Custom command"
i'm trying to setup vnc to load on boot before login, it's a vmware server guest..  but I've fouled it up big time
vnStat looks more like it  - cheers!
Feels like that, but I don't understand how I can examine the situation. Can I list /boot in my root partition without unmounting /boot?
what do you mean 'list'?
I'd like to know if I have another menu.lst in my root-partition before /boot is mounted
i guess you could boot to a live cd, then look at your partitions that way.  is that wahat you meant?
Sounds fair, yes. Just thought there would be another way. It's an lvm partition so it'd take a while..  I'm going to experiment some with grub, feels like it's booting from wrong partition in some way. Not good.
install sysinfo.  whats LVM?>
logical volume, useful if you eg want to group a bunch of disks into one partition.
Dr_wills: Can i check md5 in installation?
pici: can't
9.0 r124.  how come i can view all videos except the ones on facebook?.  i can view the ones on facebook like 4 days ago. how to install flash 10 properly?
sudo apt-get --reinstall install flashplugin-installer
do i need to uninstall 9 first?
how did you install 9? outside the repos?
long time ago. and i installed version 10. but somehow couple days ago version is back. i dont know why. do i do this 1st: sudo apt-get remove flashplugin-nonfree. then close ff and this? sudo dpkg -i sudo dpkg -i [URL]b
check .mozilla/plugins folder, and remove and flash releted .so files first.
dont have .mozilla/plugins
I already have FluxBox.  0.9.14
In that case, just start the package manager and hit update
Wanted to know how can I upgrade since I get this 0 upgraded, 0 newly installed, 0 to remove and 0 not upgraded..  I did that's what I got 0 upgraded, 0 newly installed, 0 to remove and 0 not upgraded.
Are you sure you don't have the latest version?
I'm sure..  that's what it tells me atleast when I do fluxbox -i
synaptic
Kind of, but more like [URL].  yes, a private tracker.  do you know the answer?
pici, i know. that channel is dead
no, but I had sshfs. It seemed to stop after that
Is sshfs a remote file syste?
yes, it mounts a connection to a directory on an ssh server
Has that server been shut down? I have had a similar problem with nfs and it was due to a server being down.
no, I had unmounted it while the machine was still on.
om nom nom nom nom delicious ram
i just can't install it...something about no such file/directory
huh?
i tried using the synaptics package manager, i installed the java package there, and it didn't work. so i tried using sudo, and following java's instructions. didn't work
let's try installing it from the command line.  using apt
apt?
advanced packaging tool.  it's what synaptic uses in the background.  so, open up a terminal
ok
then type in sudo apt-get install sun-java6-jre
hm..something's working. but how would i know that if i never used this forum and asked people lol. what if i tried to follow java's instructions?
beats me :P
they told me to use su, and i actually tried it, but still didn't work =T
do you know where can I find the answer?
I have Driver "fglrx" right now, is there a reason I should use radeon instead?
no, I don't have an ati, man fglrx will have the info as well, I assume
hmm it doesn't.... it says "radeon" only supports 2D for my card...
that was only an example
man gflrx doesn't exist...
lol, I guess it's not ubuntan, is it :)
ubuntan?
VideoRam is a standard option for all cards
ok... I'll try that..
that doesn't help.
16
use 15.. 16 does not like our mixer
15 did not work too. I got the same error
i saw splash in there but not quiet. i remembered that when i was running that system on linux mint live usb i had to boot in compatibility if tha helps
so why u messin around with ubuntu? ;)
for a pc im building for someone. has an easier learning curve for basic things than windows 7 coming from windows 95 i feel
how
nessieliberation, well my cable is plugged into the ethernet card.. though wht im askign is which one should i choose for the firewall to monitor!. nessieliberation , should it b the ppp0 or eth1 !
load a system monitor, and see which one moves. chances are it might be both
nessieliberation , yup its loadded allready and ur right! both of them are moving
then a guess would suggest that both would be the safest option. although just ppp0 might work
nessieliberation i ran the wizard and it only lets me choose one!
funkyhat so it cant be done?
no, just after login i receive that error and appears the bug window "aport.." to send a notification crash.. but i continue without problems just on login
have you updated any kernel recently?
mmm i fon't know, now i'm runnging 3n3chm0@-laptop:~$ uname -r. 3.13.0-35-generic
not acceptable? that's the logical explanation why my user who is in sudoers doesn't work?. I am logged in as a personal user that is in sudoers file
Not working :(
Will that tell him what it's doing right now, or just what it could do?
That will just give the clock speed
The clock speed now, or the "Normal" one?
I need to install the driver.  - you still there ?
-> yeah, go and load your driver first
- I think I have the drivers installed
what has the cable got to do with my display?
: you know, the data to the screen need to be pass throw y cable. It's not wireless from now
oh, its an HP lappie. so no cable
<> in all totem and vlc. I have reinstalled their with mode --purge but it didn't help
how i enable the repo? what address has it?
open system --> admin --> software sources manager and just enable the backports repo in that
i'm remotelly connected to a server :).  maybe just feisty-backports ?
then edit /etc/apt/[URL]st by hand
aha.  and?
andwhat ?
what i have to add? deb [URL] feisty-backports or something?
I was messing with update-motd, and it stopped working. I cleared motd, and later rebooted the server, but the motd won't come back. no error messages that I'm aware of.
np =).  motd for ssh or local session?
ssh.  haven't tried local yet, should I?
if local is what you need... but your problem doesn't seen to complicate.  just checking onething... just a sec
it's /etc/motd that I'm concerned with. I can populate it manually, but update-motd doesn't seem to work. can't find any verbose to see where it's having a problem though..  np, take your time. I've been pulling my hair out for an hour before I gave up and came here :)
no in firefox
when replying to someone, its best to use their nick in your response, so they can see your reply
sure
what do you want to do ?
see IP number instead of URL so I can traceroute website. in firefox
ahhhh, I see
so it is not embedded?
well, it will be embedded
then lfs would make it simple and easy
cool ;). how much space you think I can fit it in?
kinda drawn out but it will be *perfect* for _you_.  depends on drivers and such daemons
no daemons, remember?. no video drivers. a sound driver. no USB drivers. and no PS/2 drivers
the custom kernel is almost very small
all i'll need are sound drivers
I'm trying to figure out why dhcp addresses are not going to certain switches. When i run dhclient, I'm getting the dhcpack from 127.0.1.1 (I'm not running a server), and I assume it's getting it from a local cache (already wiped /var/lib/dhcp3/).
you run dhclient and get an address? I don't understand what this has to do 'with certain' switches
Heh, sorry i'm explaining it poorly. I'm trying to figure out if a port from each switch can get an ip address from the dhcp server. But my dhcpacks are coming from 127.0.1.1, so I can't tell which one is working
switches usually don't mess with dhcp, you are not trying to give an IP-address to the switch, are you?
no. I have pxe clients, and if i plug the dhcp server into one switch, only certain clients can get the pxe image, and different ones if I plug it into another. Something either isn't forwarding broadcast or is dropping packets
because its a vulnerability testing program
I looked around and found things like fluidity, but that's unreleased at the moment and whatnot... I also heard of NextAction, and the like...
Alsa
under preferences->sound do you have multiple choices for each dropdown?
"HDA Nvidia (analog)" "HDA Nvidia (digital)" "Pluseaudio"
i'd try each one, and play sound, and see if it improves. for the sound playback option
They all skip.
- yes, i do. Through my router
Try connecting your computer directly to the internet.  If you are able to connect via LAN, it seems like a router mis-configuration
- can't. i have a combined router/modem.  - well, i did exactly as when i configured my ssh, and that worked
Okay. What do a "traceroute <host>" show ? (pastebin, please).  From outside your network
- i don't have any machines outside my network.
Ah, that's why! :).  You have to enable a special feature in your router if you are trying to access your server from within your network on a public IP / domain.  What's your domian/IP ?
- [URL]
Hm, no. That dosn't work.  What's the IP ?
- or [URL]
Maybe you misconfigured DNS
- 213.64.134.153
Okay, looks right - weird..
- you are not getting any webpage served, right?
But again, the webserver is accessible through LAN ?.  Nope, no web page is being displayed
- yes
And 213.64.134.153 is YOUR ip, right ? Not some redirector, dyndns or what ever
- Nope, that's the ip to my router.
Okay, seems that port 80 is not open
- check now?
What irc server?
this
Thanks! :)
never seen that before in linux
dont know first time
I thought it was this week - I could have sworn it was Jan 10th
thanks i see it's at standby 1200 and suspend: 1800 of: 2400 indeed, thanks a lot.  do you know if this is can be triggered as well? e.g. i want to turn the screen in standby at a certain time?
Oh. So then it wouldn't be smart to switch to something discontinued right?
are you installing the 2.6.29-4 kernel?
that debian systems probasbly needs something more, like nvidia driver or something
it cant be that simple lol.  are you using kernelcheck to compile yours?
i tried 2.6.29, for somereason it didnt work so i still run 2.6.28.? something.  make oldconfig, make-kpkg ...
but you had a problem installing 2.6.29?
i have had that problem sine 2..28.3
AWESOME, the --force-all option worked.. its going thru the config..
it fails on some post-install process.  and keep old kernel there too
what "make oldconfig" is that were your problem was?
what is kernelcheck
kernelcheck is a piece of software that Master Kernel wrote to auto download and compile kernels (newbie friendly).  is it safe to get rid of everything in /usr/src even my current kernel headers?
i make my kernels that old way, and then using make-kpkg to ubuntu .deb.  make mrproper is safe to do after compile in linux source dir
you should check out the forum post.. its just a scripted application.. [URL]
yeah laptop, it is a fujitsu, mg75k
can you please give FULLdetails in future
I'll certainly try action
installer336: at least now I am doing the IRC on the server, and not through the live CD on my laptop. heh
yet
installer36: I gotta get it up, it was taking XP Pro network 5 minutes for one page to get into the printer
yes
and is it DHC. DHCP*
yes
no bootstrap in init.d, first place i looked
try sudo service NetworkManager stop
Sure thing, ill let you know how it goes.  output: 'NetworkManager: unrecognized service'
ps -A | grep NetworkManager
Have a running process, output: 2523 ? 00:00:00 NetworkManager
it's weird that you can't stop it
When i kill it shows back up with antoher PID, so somehting is checking for it and booting it up when its missing..  Ya, in older Ubuntu releases i never had this issue
I did
ok. then i have no idea.
do I need virtualbox-ose?
that's an older version of vbox
I'm using non-free. ok
-ose is the free one.  but the version of it in the repos is older
so virtualbox in the terminal should work then?
obviously as i am chatting here on the same computer with you
eth1 is available  ?
there's just eth0 though.  i can't remember for sure, but i think i have a faulty eth0, so there should just be eth1
that's your problem  the driver is not loaded or so to make your eth1 available
it seems like something decided eth1 should be named eth0 without my consent
can i force the boost to be enable at will. *enabled
desktop?
mobile
that's a terrible, terrible idea. no ideas if you can
damn. well thanks anyways. could I try to use and MSR intel utility to alter the gpu clock?
highly doubt it
damn again
any how to ? what was the result?
well, mine isn't working at all from months to now. why don't u use it?
When I ask it to do larger tasks it gives no indication whether it's doing anything or not. For instance, I was trying to work around a bug in Banshee by removing album cover art from MP3 files. I selected all in easytag and told it to remove them. No feedback at all, but when it was done, some had the album art removed and others didn't.
for me it doesn't do anything. i load an albun and tell it to look for info. and puuf. nothing but an error. some server returned... shish. do you know some other soft for such task?
apt-get. matts45acp, gonna help- thanks..
if it was that easy, I wouldnt ask. sorry, context menu doesnt work. I can assign it but it wont open
That doesnt work, or else i wouldnt ask again..........
.. I am trying to play some music files .. but dont hear sound
is the audio muted? click on the sound icon in the panel
.. when i click on the sound icon - gnome-volume-control -- it just says "waiting for sound system to respond"
ok. open up a terminal window, and then type in alsamixer
.. done .. what do you want me to check there
make sure the channels arent muted. master, pcm primarily. you unmute or mute with the M button
.. i have opened alsamixer .. what should i check there?
lol
aliases are in modules.d I think. let me check. modprobe.d even. yeah they are in /etc/modprobe.d
Ah, great
whatcha installing?. probably pop3
Going to try IrDA
lirc?
I realize that, but it's extremely slow as in bringing up google takes 2 or 3 minutes.
no clue. I only know about limitations of the driver, my experiences with it have convinced me not to use WLAN on Linux :P
It's about to do the same for me I think, hah.
which do you suggest?
Could you explain what you just said? What isn't supported yet? What doesn't support what is supported?
the regular installer doesn't yet support LVM/LUKS in natty
Thank you . How can I connect to the internis.et via my wireless card? I am unable to use the alternate cd because of th
you don't need to connect to the internet during install
I cannot get passed the part which asks me what repos to use, because of my lack of internet.
It seems to be commented out, it has // at the begining of the line....  Actually the whole file seems to be commented out, all lines have the dashes.... well not dashes, actually slants "/".  So, my question is, can that oackage be removed safely?
well terminal. using  live cd now
aright
what i do was , ---> mount -t iso9660 /media/cdrom0 /***.iso
mount -t iso9660 /path/to/[URL]o /media/cdrom0.  the mount point comes after the device or image
debian:/home/# mount -t iso9660 /depot/debian-500-amd64-DVD-1.iso /cdrom |||||||||| mount: /depot/debian-500-amd64-DVD-1.iso is not a block device (maybe try `-o loop'?).  debian:/home/# mount -t iso9660 /depot/debian-500-amd64-DVD-1.iso /cdrom |||||||||| mount: /depot/debian-500-amd64-DVD-1.iso is not a block device (maybe try `-o loop'?)
is it a good choice or not in your opinion?
did that and it just tells me "could not be found", but so quickly that I don't really think it actually tried...
did you connect to it by name, or IP? also, can other computers on the network connect to that share?
i don't have any other computer to try with, unfortunately. I tried by name, and the name is pingable. trying by IP yields the same result though.
can you check the firewall settings on the computer that you are trying to get to? make sure that windows file and print sharing are allowed.
the Windows 7 computer's firewall seems to be configured to allow file and printer sharing, and file and printer sharing is turned on.
it must have been because I tried logging in too many times? I mean I thought it was supposed to return an error if I do that. is that normal for fail2ban? Like to just not even respond with anything?. if I try too many attempts that is. What's the normal behaviour supposed to be?
usually fail2ban will issue a DROP command if you over-try something it is monitoring
so DROP as in drop the socket connection to the server?
so you could, for example, look at what DROPs are currently set in iptables.  to drop the received offending packet
ah okay. Thank you
Go download something, and build it
i have just done, but i don't understand
Let me take a look at mine, hold on..  `conky -c filename` where filename is your config file.
thx, very affable.  the file name together the path?
15.04
yes, i am aware of that
Logs?
nothing in logs but it does automatically open up a problem report after the reboot.  many fields in the problem report Details. one of them is "Problem Type: KernelOops"
Might want to scan through dmesg | less or boot.log
boot.log looks fine, dmesg looks (mostly) ok, i guess? not really sure what i'm looking for in dmseg
d'aw.. that makes sense..  probably nothing I can do, right? besides just starting xchat manually
hmm there is a hackish solution that might work, then there is patching xchat ...
lets start with the hackish solution :P
do you know about the startup.txt file for xchat?
well... i know it's not in .xchat2 :P
I mean, get to a shell without having X running on another
/etc/init.d/gdm stop
thanks seveas ill try that
slart - im looking for something with a guy. for easy access.  - more of a "drag+drop" kind of app if u know what i mean ^_^
yes. thats for changing boot order.. i want to know if i need to disable uefi or something else with uefi other than that?
i get a RCPT access denied. the funny thing is I can receive mails for hosted domains
that's not an error message. userspace logs, kernel logs
how do i get postfix to behave
i put start on runlevel 0.
I am actually in the Ubuntu 10 Live CD right now. And yes the first sda is the windows
then you just have to issue the command I gave you earlier.. So I take it Windows is in /dev/sda1 partition, and inside the /dev/sda disk, right?
Correct and I just issued the command. Done!. It said 0+1 records in. 0+1 records out 404 bytes copied..  I'm going to reboot now and see if it worked.
I see. That sounds about right. I think it's actually 440 bytes :P
Nope. 404. I have it in front of me right now.
And better than widnows 7?
Yep
So ubuntu needs less ram than windows.
Yep
Does Ubuntu use about as much ram as windows XP?
Probably something in that neighborhood.
Dell sells a laptop with Ubuntu loaded that costs $300.
sure. try, install. couple other things, verify
sessions has nothing about adding a script on startup, and I don't know the command anyway :/
!crontab | . blah
I don't w to run jack daily, I w to run it all the time
thx
worked for you?
no :D.  it is something where i then see realtek r.....
what graficcard to you have ?. i got the intel gma
an ATI
hmmm
i have just been turning it off
when i do it with the keybinding. it works
is that what dpkg looks at?
i'm doing apt-cache search libgtk and i don't see anything, do not have aptitude but i doubt that would make a difference?
Hm.  `apt-cache search libgtk | grep "\-dev"` have you tried something like that
i really do not see anything remotely like libgtk-dev except for libgtk2.0-dev (i am on xubuntu but that shouldn't change anything)?
I'm looking for a special XBOX-channel, but I can't find any.
zambezi.... if its a group or club or something, google it
It's there a channel for xbox-scene?
zambezi look it up on their website... or google it.. #ubuntu is not the index of freeNode.
But I don't know where too look. This is homemade applications.
[URL]
It's on another network.
zambezi, so connect to that network. !irc. ugh that won't help you
If I know how to do. I have a BNC. That's causing me problem.
is scriptname the whole path? /etc/init.d/scriptname? and what is defaults?
thanks :)
evolution you say. i'm using that now,let me see if i can dig up a plugin
whats its name?
linux-image-rt
ty
ha really?
"alsa-utils is already the newest version.".  but the package have no bin or etc. so maybe it has change since then
kk. wait.  the same
no. no bootloader
is the bootloader installed in MBR?.  is the bootloader installed in MBR
how do I check the MBR for a USB stick ?
well basically i want to create a read-only .ident file which says "ident $username", probbaly could be done some other way (identd:s config i guess), just got interested about such possibility
there will be only one program on my webserver.. but maybe you have better idea how to do this?
hmm thanks.. for some reason ubuntu uses to support my cam.  but now xubuntu does not..  i will research more
and how the heck you link a different "libjava" plugin?. man, you're confused for sure. two different versions of JRE?
after grub.  it works fine when I use recovery mode, so I guess its something to do with the splash screen being our of sync?
did you try to turn off "quiet"? then you can see it as it boots and look for an error. Another option is to look at /var/log/dmesg. I would do both.  that is a possibility - i have a problem with my usplash and haven't got around to fixing it a second time yet
ok i'll try both of those.  yeah the operating system works fine, it's just a minor annoyance
Please read the last sentence in my problem.
#tor
how?
[URL]
I read it. Thx
they work fine in windows and my fiance's mac.  I actually had the same issue with a previous pair of headphones
so you claim that its software while all you do is move the headphone plug around ?.  maybe your hardware is not supported ?
i suppose that's a possibility, but I can't help but think its a software issue as I use these headphones on windows fully plugged in without any issue....
yeah so thats weird
i'm running this on asus g60vx
did you ask in #debian ?
nope, I'll have to try
excuse me?
Yes it is. It's not letting me conn to the net and it won't let me install wicd..  So there :P
I am looking for an application with which I can make and receive calls on my laptop
oh calls. did not knw. but is it like sip soft phone
not like sip , I wana use like soft phone to dail and receive calls form my pc
The Exchange server is not compatible with Exchange Connector.The server is running Exchange 5.5. Exchange Connector supports Microsoft Exchange 2000 and 2003 only.
I have 2 sound cards, and the wrong one s taking slot 0.
will it affect mailing?
mailing?
yup
how to check it ? I think it's English(India) under Tool > Language > For Selection in Libreoffice
It doesnt seem like there are any hunspell packages for en-in
It's still not working after installing hunspell packages
If you change the document language to en-Us ?
After changing to en-US it's still not working.
hmmm
Right now. I am chatting with you in Xchat. And in this xchat application Spell check is working fine. Does Libre Office uses a separate dictionary ?
how can i get it working?
looks like you are using an old tutorial. What are exactly trying to do?
install tuxguitar
installing it or using it?
install then use.  if i start it i get /dev/sequencer: No such file or directory
I get the same error, its irrelevant. Could it be, that tuxguitar is working properly but you just don't get sound?
well, the whole point of tuxguitar is to get sound, otherwise it's useless, every once in a while instalation succeds and i get working sound but i don't know why it wont work now.  i'm pretty sure it has something to do with the missing modules
I dont think so, that issue is usual and also happens to me on every new computer. Start tuxguitar, go in the tuxguitar settings and tell me your settings under "Sound"
tuxguitar sequencer (should have real sequencer in there), midi through port (should have java sequencer in there)
"should have"? you are confusing me
when tuxguitar works, those options are available, the java sound sequencer is included in the installation files, if i run the exact same binaries in puppy linux the real time and java options are available
E: The update command takes no arguments
the browser will source highlight in html if i do that?
so there's no system wide way to do it?
well on gnome you can go to system/preferences/keyboard.  then Layouts tab and then click "Options" button on the bottom
thats what I'm using (gnome) but I can't find the setting
look under preferences/keyboard...layouts tab Options button
do I need to log out / log in ?
I'm going to try to reformat as fat16 and see if it works any better.
FAT 16 sucks in ubuntu
Huh.
Yea im not sure, i know ive had issues with this laptop before.
how old is the lap top? and it's probably 32bit.  also people that have a 64bit prossor that get the 64bit Ubuntu tend to then get problems with Flash and stuff
Its pretty old, its a Compaw NX9010
ok well I am pretty sure it's 32bit
Looking up the specs it does state the processor as:
if it's pretty old it is very likely to be 32bit yes
Intel Mobile Pentium 4 3.06 GHz.  But even then im not really sure what to make of that :)\
what OS are you using at the moment?
XP :(
yes put the 1386 version of Ubuntu on it :).  you can try it from a Live CD if you haven't already
Yea i should do that. Thanks for your time. ill hit up the 86x and let you know how it went once installed
you can also try.  Ubuntu inside WIndows
Yea thats what i will try at first.  The older versions didnt go well with this video-card an all. it was a mess
thanks
I tried that, but I'm not sure what to put for 'command'.
sh /path/to/file.sh
Didn't work...
from .iso to do an install
on a cd or thumbdrive?
on cd
maybe there's something wrong with the cd?
checksum are verified correctly.
and can you launch the live session?
same error with live session
ok, and has is worked before, or is this the first try?. it*
same error with my laptop, had to install using usb, but i dont have the usb drive any more.
if the cd gives errors on both systems, i'd say it's due to the cd
i remember when i was installing it on my laptop, someone in here said something about my bios isnt set right or that the installer doesnt read sata drives that well.
there you have it, but i cannot give advice on that. ah, 'someone' said, it's not a bios error you're getting?
not a bios but looks like a mounting error
on two different pc's?
yes, but with different disks each time. i have verified that all 5 disk are the same from the repository with checksums verified after each write.
anything I should know before hand? as in possible limitations or hangups?
only thing is if u had a dual-boot system, windows can't read the ext3... but over smb it doesn't matter what filesystem you're using
no dual boot. I would be sharing from ubuntu to windows. separate machines
but i have such a huge resolution. i want the panels to be visible but panning seems inconvenient. i dont think it'd be convenient to shrink to fit a smaller video size either. what should i do?
what resolution do you want to record?.  run the vm at 1024x768?
1024x768, yes that was my intention
i dont have lua installed. so i want to install it. for this i searched it in synaptic by typing lua. but it gives so many result. so which one i shoud install?
: i did sudo apt-get install libgtk3.0-dev ... "couldn't find" ... so i did "sudo apt-get install libgtk2.0-dev" .. [URL] is the output
, is a laptop , acer 382. normally he comes with a fire wire cd-rom , wich is no more. I tried [URL] cd approach..  : i cannot have a bootable device , other than hdd
great inform...etc...thanks
what os are the pcs running?
ubuntu?
good thought. but a search for <ctrl><alt> yields nothing and i don't know how to escape within the search box or whatever else is needed
Qt based?
i cant because when i try to mount /dev/sda1 with is /boot it says device is not removable and could not execute pmount.  bak
ok, i don't really know what to suggest, but there's a wiki about how to recover grub, i'll just dig it out
ok thanks
on what friend
well, having a wifi card that works, having a wifi AP that works, and having an internet connection that works
he has a wifi card that worked earlier in a windowsxp. but now he installed ubuntu and having hard time connecting to the same exact wireless internet place.
sometimes it this process starts and eat the process but other times there is n't clear process doing that , so I wanna disable that one to narrow the discovery
how did you get the previous malware/bad application ?
long story please I don't wanna talk about it,sorry
fine good luck sorting out your issues.
so can you help with the totem-video-thumbnailer one?
in current directory i have sub directory called x ,wget 'someurl' o/p of wget should be stored in x directory
try using the -P parameter and specify a directory like: wget -P x www.c.com/read.html
no i don't want wget to save the files in directory(host) from which it was run
so you want wget to send whatever it downloads to a directory on another networked machine?
not to other machine but in same machine in different directory
will that start all the daemons?
that should start smbd and nmbd.  you can take a look inside; (try 'less /etc/init.d/samba') -- i think it starts nmbd first
it said failed. lol
then perhaps your config file is broken
lol
you did remember the 'sudo', right?
i was in root terminal
try 'restart' instead of start.  you can use 'testparm' to check your samba config file
i did. it said ok. and restart passed
ah, so it was running already
yes but not working.  my windows machine still wont recognize this comp.  do a lot of people have problems with this?
samba can be tricky to setup.  can you ping the windows machine (using IP addresses)? and vice versa?
yes
Thanks  I will look up the udev rule, duh! dont know why the fstab didnt strike me
I haven't done it myself but should be in /etc/udev/rules.d
Cool!!, thanks again.  have a question. what happens if the drive is not connected when the server boots and fstab entry is present
then you can mount it normally.
but would tbe boot fail?. i mean would the server still boot up?
"mount" will follow the rules as set up in /etc/fstab. no the boot will be fine as long as the external disk does not mount to a system critical point such as /lib for example.
Great!! U have been a great help
Umm one sec let me check.  Yes it does my friend
then java or your browser are to blame.  what OS / browser / java are you running on the client system?
Ubuntu 8.10 / Firefox / Java5
64bit or 32bit?
64bit. I think it is anyways, how would I check
id look at putting 32bit on it so that you can run Sun's Java. It can help..  64bit java isnt really implemented properly yet
I am running Sun's java tho, sudo apt-get sun-java6-jdk
yes exactly
video, yes. audio im not sure. my HDMI video is perfect. I've tried everyhting to setup audio with nvidia but no luck. so im hoping HH fixes that
-> more of my curiousity, how did you enable that?
HDMI video? it worked oob
thats just it it isnt working
so are you running linux or windows right now starhawk1?
I think I am doing something wrong when I burn it. mepis
selinium, what application i need to restart after installing pritner drivers?. selinium, HP. DJ 690C
well I got gnome-do now - albert I haven't tried. Does it have an equivilant in OS X? Because I feel like I remember that name...
you might be mixing that with alfred, i don't know OS X to tell whether they're related :).  synapse is in the repo's, for albert you'll need a PPA --> [URL]
ooo - I always like to try out new things :D THat's why I'm running Ubuntu 17.04 now. I'm kind of impressed that Ubuntu is probably the only distro that currently supports flatpaks, snaps and appimages... I've tried elementary, solus, fedora, opensuse, endless os.... or 17.10, I mean... artful
i personally like albert a lot, very configurable via plugins, impressive feature set .. yes you're right, for experimenters Ubuntu has taken on new life
I'm kind of excited... I'd like to advocate Linux to common users, but one big barrier to entry is the complexity of actually obtaining software....  if snaps, flatpaks and appimages run stable, across the board, you could choose any distro you'd want, and get your third party apps directly from the vendors website :D. At least that's what I'm hoping....  craaaaap... mono -.-
you need stereo?
no, I mean alfred - it downloaded a crapton of mono dependencies.  cus like a genius I downloaded Alfred and not Albert xD. g'doy
ah wait, i hate mono myself, you might get away with the --no-recommends switch when installing, let me check.  lol
this os x app had a similar name, like a typical name of a buttler. So I thought "alfred"....  ...which would be a better name... I'm Batman~!.  o - qt5 :P
only some qt dependencies yes
yeah, but that's fine. qt5 is actually quite slim and nimble, if utilized correctly.  kind of disappointed that I couldn't run commands with arguments... though that maybe a plugin, I guess
i just noticed i get 'albert' from [URL] PPA, has a newer version
I've got 0.11 now - I see on github it's at 0.12. with a plugin called "terminal"
correct, the webupd8 PPA has that
I'm living dangerously... got yakkety and zesty repos on my artful system :P. I'm just _waiting_ for a dependency knot...
no
chrissharp: It just reports back, "Usage: ./iPhonePNG <input>" Which means that no filename was passed to it.. chrissharp: You think I need to use xargs in there somehow... or?
'for i in `cat imagelist.txt`; do ./iPhonePNG $i; done'.  try that
Freaking awesome... thanks!
can you tell me what would be involved?
backup and full re-install
ok, thanks..  do all the dirs under my home folder get deleted? I read somewhere that they do not.
you have a separate home partition?
butts, no I don;t ok. Full back up it is then.
/mnt/iso: 5946c. what does that mean?
process 5946 is what's using it.
hmm. k. I am trying to install UT2k4 off an image. and, it asked for the second CD
hmm, who does those two things connect?.  if i "touch somefile" than "somefile" as Owner in "file properties" have " - Samba guest account"
a file that's in a samba share, or not?
where ever i create file under this user
in ~/ ?
has same Qwner. yes
and you're sure you're not logged in as a Guest or something like that?
well, i'm, since this username that i use is "older" than samba nstallation
eh?. read [URL] maybe
this "Samba guest account" started appearing since i was trying to share some folders with other windows clients in sam e network.  this "Samba guest account" started appearing since i was trying to share some folders with other windows clients in sam e network
i had some problems with mbr when installing on other partition, but what is the difference between wubi and doing it manually?. (wubi does the same just automatically as i have understood)
wubi installs ubuntu in your windows installation. This means it uses ntfs as its file system. ext4 is better for ubuntu
Oh, i didnt know that
about mbr, if you are going to dual boot then install ubuntu's grub in mbr. it will automatically detect and add a windows boot line
Then i will try again. I will just shrink my disk and make a primary ext4 parition and shrink a swap primary partition, and just install on them? (and grub will automatically detect my win 7) , right?
it should
do i have to choose "side by side" when i run the ubuntu installer? or just choose advanced partitioning and chose the partition?. and when i do chose side by side, to i have to shrink and make the partitions before i run the installer?
advanced partitioning
i see. and both swap and the primary ext4 should both be "primary" ?
ul have to resize your windows partition if there is no space to install ubuntu.
i know, i use shrink to do that, i rezise so i get two partitions, one swap and one for the ubuntu os
not necessarily. they can be logical
what is best, logical or primary?
how many primary partitions do you have?
i hope grun picks up that i have win7 this time then ...
yes
Wired
No GUI on this server, correct ? Then show us what you have for the control file in a pastebin ' cat /etc/network/interfaces | pastebinit ' . See if we can spot an error there .
That would run fine if I was connected to the internet :). I'll just type it up real quick
Yeah, not having a connection do make relaying info a bit more challenging . But, no step for a stepper .
[URL]
as of right now, i'm not sure whats going on . it's a headless box. i can ssh in with the wired connection, but not the wireless
I did that, it brings up only a mic/speaker volume with no balance options
for example for adding wine repo:. sudo add-apt-repository ppa:ubuntu-wine/ppa
that you are dualbooting should not have anything to do with a ppa.
yeah it seems so,but i searched for my problem and the only answer was dualbooting causes the problem
how can I get the terminal to output the mount points
try "mount"
Thank you
because i cant get gdm nor lightdm to work. apt-get dist-upgrade --fix-missing -f
How do I switch it all over to ALSA?
are there known problems? well I tryed it from the software center and it didn't work like on my other distribution
I wouldnt know, I only develop Java in Eclipse, no other languages. If you set up the repositories in Eclipse correctly, it should be able to download the Eclipse specific parts.
allright. thank you
np :-)
may I ask another question? ^^
sure. If it has to do something with ubuntu, after all this is the ubuntu support channel.
it's more about eclipse
ok, but I think you will get more help on #eclipse. I am not a professional programmer. Just a student.
but kind of ubuntu too. anyways ... i installed open-jdk7 yesterday and alot of jdk6 packages came with it? is that normal? also after installing jdk7 und starting eclipse it tells me that I can't use jdk7 and I have to use jdk6
Can anyone help me to get ibus to function *properly* so that I can use the US-Int., w. deadkeys and enter text in Japanese using anthy?.  yes thats normal.
and that I can't use jdk7 in eclipse too?
I am using automatic login
3.8.0-35-generic
so using the modules from kernel 3.6 would be a downgrade not an upgrade
laptops dont want to connect to the net unless they are like sitting on the router
cheake: When the system locks up everything goes down, network included, and any files being accessed at the time in a few program become 0-lengthed
hmm, I'd be suspicious about the claim that files are truncated... Though in-proper application locking can cause that effect.
They are improper applications. Believe you me, I have complained to the makers
I tried ctrl+alt+backspace. didnt work. I'll try that
I thought I just did. -R is right there
i replaced the /boot partition of the ubuntu with /boot of fedora
that sounds a bit bad
i dont have any backup too
why not just use Ubuntu's Grub?
can i reover it ... is there any way. seb.  would it b okei if i recover ubuntu grub
I cant find the file to install it in the Synaptic Package Manager...
then you asked the question wrong, you mean how to find openvc?
Well find and install...
yes, I do.  it's called Cygwin/X Server:0.0.  I followed the tutorial here: https://x.[URL]  gparted complains like that: (gpartedbin:10786): Gtk-WARNING **: cannot open display: :0.0
this is for a friend who is command line uneducated
I have a test file in my home directory that it's failing on
try right-click on it and check the box for making it executable
running over ssh on ubuntu server
[URL] is the guide im reading
use /etc/init.d/samba instead
is it an old version? or is it ubuntu specific?
I'll try that. Thanks.
yea but how can i make it open with itself. its an standard application
go where i said and try deleting wine from that list
ok
i won't say wine is satan, but it has certainly caused more trouble than native apps, lol
it wont let me delete wine from the list.  this is an native app
I'm currently running the proprietary nvidia drivers, should I be running the Nouvaou drivers instead?
it may be you are running in framebuffer mode which dosen't support 3d rendering.. try running lsmod|grep fb and see if you get a result..
vesafb 13844 1, I have 2 graphics cards a 9600 and 260 GTX supporting 3 monitors.  also Im currently using Xinerama
