Hey. Does anyone know if flashplugin-nonfree will be updated soon to fix compatibility with Opera?
I hope they don't mess with it more.. it's finally working again on firefox
Yeah, I'm happy that at least ff works. But Opera's been broken ever since the breakage began. :(
guys, i need some serious help. I screwed up my Xserver. when I boot my computer, it won't load X, so it goes to a unix shell, or whatever you call that. I was installing some packages to get a game to work. some Gl and mesa svga and shit
you need to look at /var/logs/X11/[URL]mething.log
basically, i was being careless.  what do I find in there? I looked but wasn't sure what to look for
sorry. /var/log/[URL]mething.log. you want to look for some kind of Error. Fatal's are good ;)
okay. on the startup, i found an error. i think it was saying it failed to load hw_random. something like that
paste in #flood
called it Fatal
nice.
, let me get that.  i'm sending it in #flood.  did you see what i posted?
yep. looking at it
k
Please is there someone who can help me out with multi disk preseed?. Or point me in the right direction...
yes. whats the issue?
I got single disk to work but I have multiple disks
first my BIOS flash went bad, then I had to get another mobo, because the flash i have is soldered onboard.... now Ubuntu doesn't want to install correctly with SLI... now what to do?
what mobo are you using btw?
does anyone else here run nvidia SLI on their machines?
ok, ignore me. and yes, i do.
I am running an Asus M2N-SLI deluxe edition with dual nvidia 8600GT (256MG DDR3)
oh, sorry.
I wasn't ignoring you, lol, I was just typing.. and I'm kinda slow at it lol
i know my bad, i apologise. errr... iirc the M2N range had a few problems with the bios mem?
I have 4GB of DDR2 RAM also.. with the AMD 6400+ proc @ 3.2GHz... I am trying to figure out why SLI won't work and why my dual 500GB hadd's keep giving me errors on bootup.  if that's the case, should I try a bios update then?
please do
I am now kinda gunshy at it since I fried my Gigabyte mobo by trying to flash it lol
hang in here for a sec..  back ;)
I know that the Asus has an EZ Flash 2 flash setup, but still, I am REALLY kinda scared, heh...
pftt.  just go for it imo
I probly will be, as soon as I can get it installed and grab what I need first. I think it's installing ok this time... I hope......
Hmm. If I specify some debian/testing sources in synaptic.. Is there any way to make synaptic "prefer" the ubuntu packages?
Anyone know how to get past the stuck boot of "ANSI: 05"?. -.-. Guys, how do I fix a hung boot? All it does is sit there at " _ "
try text in kernel option.  or reinstall grub from live cd
Well the thing is  sometimes when even trying to get into Recovery Mode it hangs after loading the CDRom Drive and shows ANSI: 05. ?
so use text mode (no x), you can pretty much fix all from console, press e in grub and add text option. if it fails try live cd
Where do I add the text option ?. remove quiet and splash?. Put text?
in kernel line, instead of quiet splash
k
what do you mean sometimes?
Well in recovery mode it sometimes boots in and sometimes doesn't and gets stuck.. I added the text option and now it's asking for login and password. I know my pass -.-, but have no idea what it wants for the login..
i suspect your username
=-p. I tried it.. There we go.. Now it's just sitting at "primedeath@primedeath-linux:~$
check logs (/var/log) and try... dpkg. what is command to fix X? reconfigure what?
"Gtk-warning". Cannot opend display..  Excuse my complete ignorance.
for what command?.  one is sudo dpkg-reconfigure -phigh xserver-xorg, but before try xinit -- :1 vt7, search for broken instalations and kernel and system logs should show whats wrong
I did the recovery mode to fix broken packages, all were fine..  xinit -- :1 vt7 took me to a very tiny looking shell in the upper left of the screen.. I cannot input commands.
move mouse to it...
I cimoment. moment*. SOrry, back . Should I do the dpkg thing now?
try startx.  in this small terminal.  you under gnome, are you?
xinit : no such file or directory (errno 2) unable to connect to X server. No such process (errno 3) Serve Error. Server*. Aye, GNOME
install gdm, but first from those small, white terminall run for examplae nautilus
Okay, Nautilus worked.. Started with errors though... "gconf_value_free: Assertion ` value != Null ' faled
startx should also work in same way, if not try sudo apt-get install gdm
Okay, I'll have to restart unless you know another way to get another terminal going. It's stuck showing Nautilus errors at the moment.
Alt Ctrl F2 or F3
Nothin'
ups.. is Caps Lock still working?
? Huh? Caps lock works fine but has no use, heh.
can u hover with mouse terminal and press Ctrl-Z
Oh neat
?
I do apt-get install gdm but just says it's already the newest version
if you killed nautilus try startx.  if not kill %1
Magic. It started now..  It started but I hope it'll work upon reboot.
check logs first. for sure u need to reinstall something ro remove, you can use same method or change grub option.
which log file do I look at?
check your drivers if any and run apt-get with self check optons
The only driver I use that's third party is ATI's.
what can be problem also services in your sytem (start up stuff), remove all you do not need... and upgrade.
excuse my ignorance once again. Where are the startup items located?.  It's to the point where I won't find out what exactly went wrong. I think I am going to format the ext4 partition and reinstall. Going to mvoe all my files to my NTFS partition (setup files) and start again. I know I should learn how to fix this at the moment. I just don't have the time.
dont give up ;) or remove X (and gnome) to have more fun
LOL. I am a student and I just need my OS to work so i can continue to study!. So, blech!. Haha... Don't get me wrong, I wouldn't shy away from this if ti was any other day.
Hi, system (Jaunty) is it clearing the history on every reboot. Can anyone tell me how to avoid this?
which history? firefox?
no, terminal history
open nautilus and browse to /home/yourusername press ctrl+h to show hidden files is there a file called .bash_history there?
yes, there is a .bash_history file there
Help I get this error "Relay access denied" when try to send email through remote client. I can receive but cant send email. Here is mail.log [URL] Any comments appreciated.
What should I do to fix a computer starting in low graphics mode? 13.10 fglrx. Works fine if I start in the advanced mode and hit resume
How did you intstall the fglrx driver ?
software & updates --> Addition Drivers and it looks like I have fglrx-updates
if I, as user, begin installing audio software, Ardour, Rosegarden, etc... will I run out of room on my initial drive space, as the default in ubuntu? or should I be looking to A) install programs from somewhere else? (admin), or (root, or B) increase my drive space for this user?
that really depends on how you've got your drive set up, and how big it is.
thanks... i've got a 300 GB 2nd drive just installed ubuntu onto, gave it the whole drive
then / and /home are on the same ~300 GB partition, so it doesn't matter if you're installing them for your user into /home/username or as root
what's a software that shows a graphical use of the mount points? i'll load that and let you know,
Accessories > Disk Usage Analyzer.  but if you let ubuntu take the whole drive, you should only have one mount point at /
so / and /home, ok, nodidng... running Disk Usage Analyser on filesystem, really cool! :). uh, oh... / reports 100%, usr 80.6 % /var 12.7 %
that doesn't mean % full, just % of total
can i check the mount point with that utility also? or another one?
which mount point?
hope i'm asking intellingent questions.... well, you said just / should be mounted, not / and /home i took it to mean?
nono. what I'm saying is that your /home directory is on the same partition as every other directory, so you'd be using the same space whether you installed as your user or as root
well, ok, now i'm scanning 'home' and it shows that my download and desktop and music are only going to be 4.0 kb. ok, i understand you
sometimes / and /home are on different partitions, or different drives, and then what i said above are not necessarily the case
thank you. so all is ok, but when I install Ardour for instance, as i just did, which directory did that go to, as default
sure thing. the only other thing i'd recommend is that, if you're installing programs that exist in the ubuntu repositories, use the ones in the ubuntu repositories and install using apt-get, aptitude, or synaptic.  depends, how did you install it?.  (installing with the ubuntu software center is fine, too)
ahhh, good info, thanks  i installed from my login  that i created at the installation process time, and i used Ubuntu Software Package. i've used synaptic, ok. in the past I've used synaptic, so Ubuntu Software install is oktoo ?
hello. i want to set my ubuntu as a proxy server. but i duno how
What is the simpliest, easiest way to get a static IPv6 address on an Ubuntu 8.04 server from behind a NAT device?
vfw, i found that i cannot ping anything in the 10.9.0.X range even though they are in the same subnet. wierd
vlc will use a tv tuner?
it will use some tv tuners, yes
soooo many new things to learn. lol. i used to date a girl from kaunas. brb hafta reboot
!hi
ok....do i have to run nvidia-settings from root to get the settings to stick?
well, yes.. then you have to save them.
indy how do i run it from root?
hello all, how do i force redetection os an usb device from terminal? besides restarting udev, which does not work for me...
why not you mount manually?
its got nothing to do w mounting, its a UPS
aha! I thought it's a usb disk.  /var/log/messages shows nothing when you plug it?
its plugged into a server far, far away...
Anyone have the updated ubuntusetup.sh I posted in the forums?
How do i find a non-responding Firefox so that I can kill it properly? 'killall firefox' doesn't find it
pidof firefox
jrib: returns nothing.  returns nothing
Is there any way to make a shortcut of the Network Manager?
swapping a hard drive into a computer with totally different hardware and processor wouldn't work would it? os wise 9ubuntu). would it boot?
that kind of thing works surprisingly well in some cases. Trouble starts mostly when X starts.
soudray: yeah wlell i got his ubuntu on a p4, i wnna put this hardrive into a computer with an amd
p4/amd won't be a problem
basically, i got another computer but don't wanna reinstall and reconfigure everything
i hate some deps in ubuntu.... mplayer's are rediculous and incorrect. so no really good way to lock packs from updating?. i want to keep my kernel, and NOT go to 2.6.12
Hi, why is it this doesn't work? find . -name "*.jpg" | xargs -i convert -scale 50% {} ./resized/{} ... I get the error : @ error/blob.c/OpenBlob/2498.
Can someone tell me why my "3 steps to passwordless ssh remote login" does not work --> [URL]:8001/8658
probably just a typo in there.
does it look logical?
frank: it's essentially correct as-is.
but it's not working for me
Just type in the path when you generate the key. Name it uniquely.
I'll try again
maybe dsa not rsa, also. and edit ~/.ssh/config
I don't have a ~/.ssh/config
they're good to have handy (.ssh/config file). Makes things easier when you try to login from the machine that has the ~/.config file to the one with only ~/.ssh/authorized_keys.. I meant ~/.ssh/config of course. typo.
sorry, you say that makes it easier but, how is a mystery
Hi. I've installed guest additions via 'additional drivers' in a guest machine (virtualbox). but I don't know how to remove them. Deactivating that option is not enough. Any ideas?
ok, now that i have made a partition in gparted, how do i get it mounted?
Hello, my wifi adapter dongle is not working satisfactory in ubuntu and I'm wondering why. It worked perfectly in windows 7 but now it turns of regularly. All I have to do to get it working again is unplug and plug it in.. How do I get rid of this troublesome task?
ubuntu version and wifi chipset please?
14.04. WNDA4100 Netgear
you might wanna search your syslog and dmesg logs to see whats happening exactly
so it's not a common problem?
didnt hear of many netgears having issues here
its a usb dongle, not a router
fully updated to 14.04.3?
yup. LTS
any idias why my computer freezes after nvidia drivers instal??
what repository is the xorg-fglrx package on?
restricted-main?
how do i enable that?
use synaptic. system-administration->synaptic package manager
i am using synaptic, and as far as i know, restricted is already enabled
hmm
i have the xfree-fglrx. err, i have it available
sometimes jaunty hangs on boot... gnome wont load....
hi people, i wanted to know what nvidia package i have to install for my nvidia ion card?. hi people, i wanted to know what nvidia package i have to install for my nvidia ion card?
I have problems converting flac to mp3 with SoundConverter, I've tried all modes
flac -d foo.flac, make the wave then use lame to rencode as mp3
so I cant go directly from flac?
why do I have an aticardoption in restricted manager? SHould I use it? I dont have an aticard :S
Do u have v4 enabled??
Anyone know how to change what the system understands as the control key ?
Out of curiosity, has anyone heard of a quick fix for Flash video flickering? Lots of conflicting ideas in searches so far. I've noticed it with Intel and ATI chipsets, both in Firefox and Chrome, with compiz enabled and disabled.
jaunty?
karmic...
er, yeah, the latest stable
yeah, running Adobe Flash 10.0 r42
how can i install quake 4 from the cd
anybody here got a Logitech QuickCam Messenger up and running?
me
uhm i have issues building the crappy driver
yea... tell me about it.  it took forever to get working
uhm okay. :D
only some of them work too.  how are you building it
i got 046d:08f6. with driver qc-usb-messenger-1.7. i got 046d:08f5 as well if that one works better. i tried with make install and the included ./quickcam.sh script.  [URL] this is the failure
use modprobe
which module?. quickcam nvm.  [11398.151142] usbcore: registered new interface driver quickcam. it does not say it registered a /dev/videoX
you need qc-usb
not qc-usb-messenger?
either should be fine.  do you have module-assistand. *assistant
yes
are you using it to compile
uhm no. should I?
uh huh.  type sudo m-a
then?
first scroll to update, and hit enter to update.  then prepare
ok, got both
then select and scroll until you find the driver and hit space to select it
ok, got it
then tab and do "ok"
binary package not found
can someone give me a good howto for making a VCD out of a DIVX ?
if you get Nero for Linux, it can do it for you.
nerolinux is only for suse, debian and fedora isn't it ?
Hello there! I have problem with building my nvidia kernel module... I'm fresh out of Gentoo, so please help me...
can i move my xchat folder to another folder without crashing any settings ?
anyone any clues on where my system could be getting http_proxy from?
*universe
any clues?.  it's stopping me from using the upgrade tool
if I wanted to add something to my LD_LIBRARY_PATH that affects all users, what is the best way to do this?
you shouldn't need to do that
I installed something from source in /opt, should it do it on it's own?
For some reason, I have lost my pub_key
no more getting smashed for you!
lol. I can't figure out how to get it back
heya. anyone having trouble suspending on 14.04.3. everytime i suspend my laptop, put it in my bag, hop on the bike, to get home with a cooking laptop.. it's ridiculous
put the pc off while your not using it?
i've been doing that but then i'd have to star everything up....my browser and all the tabs, im sure you can appreciate the benefits of suspending a laptop?. so shutting is down is not an option.
ubuntu version?
14.04.3. perfectly up to date running on a dell precision m3800. thats why it's strange that it doesnt work. maybe it's because i dont have swap?
check your syslog and dmesg.  and try laptop-mode-tools
great, thanks! i was going to dig into it, but thought i'd ask here - maybe it's a frequent question. thanks for the help  +1
tail -f /var/log/syslog and go suspending might spit out some usefull things also perhaps?
. got it. cat /proc/acpi/wakeup. show you all the wakeup calls. i disabled all of them except PWRB & LID0
solved now?
i hope so, i disabled the lid too and only allowed the power button to wake the laptop. man this laptop get scary hot in my bag. im sure it wont last log if this happens to frequently
could someone using ubuntu's recent firefox security upgrade please reproduce a problem?. we have a wiki page and when I visit it, firefox crashes/terminates completely for me
2.0.0.14+2nobinonly-0ubuntu0.7.10 ?
yes
anyone know how i can test my sound card. i think it just got fried. maybe a terminal command to give me some info on it?
aplay /dev/urandom should give you some noise (might be loud).  there are some switches for aplay to get info about the soundcards.. man aplay for more info
should it be all crackly???
it should just be noise.. regular "turn on the radio between stations" noise
any idea what i could do next? ;).  i have no idea how to go about this.  i'm looking at the man pages now
I'm not on friendly terms with alsa myself.. we have a small agreement.. I don't mess with it and it keeps working most of the time..=)
i was like that too, then it just stopped working. also on my windows dual boot :(
Hello! Does anybody use Smuxi for IRCing? Do you have working indicator?. I'm tired with it :) It always starts a new instance. but if there is new messages, then it opens old process. And when window is hidden i cant use xdotool or wmctrl to check instance. No one uses Smuxi?
Hi, I'm trying to find the minimum system requirements for Ubuntu Kylin....Does anyone know where I could find that?
What hardware do you have?. [URL] [URL]
I can't remember if these computers have 2GB or 3GB of ram. old windows xp computers
hey how do i mount my thumb drive?. i plugged it in and it doesn't seem to be coming up
thumb drive? usb stick?
yeah
had a few weird happenings with the laptop lately. I shut down the laptop, but if I open the lid, it comes back on automatically. Seems to be somehow linked with making some changes in powertop. Anyone else seen this?
I have not run into that problem. Sounds more so like a hardware issue rather than OS.
its a possiblity, just hasnt happened until recently, and I have had the same laptop since August.. Either an update or me messing with powertop. Guess I can try shutting down without powertop tweaks to confirm
change the read/write permission for the files you are trying to modify you must be root to change permission on most things in the /etc folder
Well today is not my day with ubuntu apparently. I'm in Add/Remove Applications and trying to check the box next to Wine and it won't select. Any suggestions?
hi i need to know where "zlib" is installed on my system to compile the gemrc source code. Sysinfo for 'vaiocan': Linux 2.6.22-14-generic running KDE 3.5.8, CPU: Intel(R)Core2CPUT5500@1.66GHz at 1000 MHz (3325 bogomips), , RAM: 996/1009MB, 150 proc's, 27.58min up. I am using 7.10
are you sure its installed
I can find some entries with "find . / -name "*zlib*" but cant be sure which one is install path
Something went haywire in my system and now I'm having difficulty updating any applications due to problems with linux-image-3.2.0-69-generic "dpkg: error processing linux-image-3.2.0-69-generic". I've tried following some of the solutions I've foudn online, but I wanted to get a second before re-installing grub because I have a dual boot system. Any advice? [URL]
hello. is there a way to connect to two LANs (i have two network cards)?. one provides internet and the other does not, it is just some direct connection to a storage device
of course
how is that supposed to work? i've tried to configure it as best i can but when i connect the the 'non internet' interface it cuts me off the internet
hi there, tiny question i want to try Ubuntu enterprise cloud for my home setup and the tut says "To deploy a minimal cloud infrastructure, you?ll need at least two dedicated systems" does this mean its impossible to setup both on one box or is it just suggested to install it on one?
you'll need two physical devices
because of?
anyone have their keyboard suddenly stop working?
i've had my mouse stop working when switching users
nah my mouse still works. and programs won't start but running ones work like normal
I still don't get what "broadcast" in /etc/network/interfaces mean? :)
-> man interfaces
I have read it, it still isn't really clear.
-> the nic has to know what is the broadcast address
So, it's the same as my static IP?
-> nope, do you mind doing a tutorial on networking?
Not at all, have a link or something?
-> not off hand, let me google one for you
Is it even necessary?. .. to write it in I meant.
-> [URL] perhaps chapter 4
thanks. I can't just leave it empty by any chance?
-> try it, and see how it goes
I don't have a router or anything, it's just static..  what is the network in there then? :D. I only know of my IP, Gateway and DNS.. Oh, and netmask.
-> i can not explain to you all the minute details, you really have to do a network tutorial
I just meant what I should write there. :D. But yeah, I guess you're right.
-> it is easy to tell you what to put, but your are questioning why..then you must do a tutorial to get a deeper understanding
I'm sorry if I'm being ignorant. I just want my connection up and running, it's messing with me.. I'm dual-booting so it's a pain to troubleshoot.
-> explain or elaborate on your network layout.. and please use the nick prefix so your messages will not be missed
it's just a wired network, straight from my card to the wall, and I have a static IP..  I guess that's it? :)
how can i see which partitions grub is currently active if i have more than 1 linux distro installed?
at boot you can hold shift and see the menu of what grub has detected as bootable since last update
i have the menu with multiple linux distros i can choose from. i just want to know which distros grub is the one that i see
Is there a system where when I log in, it launches FireFox in workspace#1, 3 terminals in workspace#2, and an xchat in workspace#3 ?
Hi, I have an old laptop with a 1.66Ghz cpu. When I run the cat /proc/cpuinfo command it shows this but under "cpu_MHz" it shows 1000. Should it not show 1600? thanks
Why does my X crash when i minimize firefox sometimes?
does your HD spin quickly while using FF?
i ahve no idea.  it doesnt sound like its spinning faster than normal'
how can i find out what device node my cd drive is using?
Anyone familiar with sshd magic around?
yes?.  just ask your question. Someone might be able to help you out
i putty over to a lamp server w/ zenoss and suddnly the connection is lost (software reset) . after that I can't reach the box until some period of time
how do i give permision to a user to mount ntfs partitions? please help :-s
Hey guys!. I have Ubuntu 9.04 and a microphone from an icemat headset and i know it works but i cant say anything in it? which driver do i need?
have you unmuted it in the volume control? by default it is muted.
dralid: where is that button?
can anyone tell me why a command I inserted into the beginning of /etc/init.d/rc.local does not run when I boot the system? (please ubuntupeople)
what command did you put there?
a command to start the net. i put in : echo "password" | sudo /etc/init.d/networking restart
anyone have any ideas what's going on here? I'm really worried :/ [URL]
Yo, is it somehow possible to create bootable windows USB installer, from the terminal?
I am using i3 window manager with Ubuntu 14.04. I am trying to find a way to have ubuntu automount usb/sd drives. What is the easiest way to do this??. rvm --default use 2.1.1. sorry xD
usb does already, internal HD use fstab. if you want the either mounted specifically like a place let us know, just a vague question
No, it doesn't mount already. That is the issue
when plugged in or plugged when booted?
I guess most tiling wwindow managers don't automount, if I run nautilus, it will mount but besides that.. it won't automount booted or plugged in on any of my tested tiling window managers
how do i use a build.xml file to install a program?. whats the command in termainl to run xml files
that sounds like a build file for ant. ant install or such usually. You'll need java installed
ant install is the command?
ant is like make. It follows whatever instructions are in build.xml to compile/install the program.
yeah its a java program, so do i enter ant install build.xml
preety please...how do you identify wich program is using a specific port using the cli?
I now know why apt is not working, i have to update. But why are the forums down for me .
can anyone help... i tried all posts in forum... but i can't still get skype to work... i tried everything... an anyone help me in any way?
have you read the wiki howto?
i think so
comp wont see belkin 8010 wireless pcmcia card.
who can help me get music off my ipod onto my comp ??
My login process has crashed or frozen on my other computer. I can login to terminal. How can I force the restart of the gui?
hello. i need to install windows AFTER installing ubuntu... i don't want to but i need to :-). how do i go about? i suppose i need a partition. pop in a live CD and use gparted?
after i put all of my files in a folder, what is the command to turn it into an .iso?
is this just a data image  or do you plan to use it for video?
data
you can use brasero for a gui, or dd for the terminal.  which do you prefer?
terminal
Is something wrong with the us repositories some pkgs can't be downloaded?
Actually, I guess this is worth sharing just to bring more light to the world: http://jrs-s.net/2015/02/03/will-zfs-and-non-ecc-ram-kill-your-data/
assuming the theory is correct, then you "only" need to add big amounts of ram exclusively for your file system, cool. and a ups for the comp, too. zfs is just not for the desktop, no matter what
Research! It's the only solution to ignorance. You don't need a ton of RAM. You don't need a UPS. But you seem to have an agenda, so I'll concede all your points and move on with life. :P
I have a hdd connected to my laptop at all times and ubuntu installed on ssd, how do I permanently mount the hdd so I can see it from ubuntu and install dropbox on it etc?
what do you mean by permanently mount?.  you can add it to the fstab and have it mounted at a certain mountpoint if you want
yes that would be it, an article about it?
get it's uuid with blkid.  then type nano /etc/fstab and add it there. UUID=<uuid> <mountpoint> <file system type> errors=remount-ro 0 1. or use whatever options you want.  you need sudo to edit it btw
how does this look? UUID=51DDB6994E6674F0 /mnt/caddy ntfs errors=remount-ro 0 1
it's ok, give it a shot, caddy has to be created first though
wanted to ask that
anyone on kubuntu 15.04?. ?
does anybody here use exaile?. i want to know if it organizes music in the folder...
anyone have a server list for synaptic package manager to make my life easy :P. like any reccomendations!?. :))
what this means: An upgrade from 'trusty' to 'vivid' is not supported with this tool
Fresh instal of ubuntu 11.04. Now almost all my problems have been fixed. How safe is it to remove old headers by uname -a then deleting all but the header that shows up?
I wipe out the old headers in synaptic without issues, except for the time I wiped out the current header, that did work out well
uname -a I guess lists the current header. so you don't delete that good one. Also the synaptics residual cofig. I can't remove those
uhm anyone knows where could i change text colors used on shell? i messed something up at some point heh :|
using pidgin i have accidently blocked the wrong contact. I have looked at the faq on the pidgin trac and the resolution for that doesn't work. He can send me an IM, but I no longer have him in my contact list. oops sorry not in the pidgin channel
wait....
whats up
yer ok cuz pidgin is an ubuntu package...
well I posted in #pidgin as well hehe
geenjelly , did u try use patch ?. greenjelly , did u try use patch ?
I'm working on porting an older version of Erlang onto Ubuntu 10.04 (needed to ensure our software works correctly). From my research it looks like I can use dget to download the source package from 8.04 on my 10.04 machine and then build it there. What I'm unclear about is how to get the 8.04 build dependencies on the 10.04 machine. Should I use apt-get build-dep, and use pinning to download the packages from 8.04 (but this means pollut
your software defenitely does not run with the new version?
no
you could file a regression bug
I'm interested in how to build .deb from a different version of linux. or rather distro
apt-get source and dpkg-buildpackages -us -uc afterwards.  but, if there are lib dependencies, which cannot be installed.  cause new ubuntu needs the newer libs, there will be a big problem
Won't apt-get source just pull the code from 10?
how many packages do you need?.  if you do it on 8.0.4 you geth them.  for 10 you are right of course
Fritsch: How would I do it from a 10 machine?
you could add src sources for the old version.  and fetch apt-get source with this special version.  apt-get source erlangPackage=1.0.x.y.  what erlang packages do you have installed?
Okay, I guess if I setup the pinnings correctly then I will not end up with more packages from 8 on 10 than I need
i hope so
is there a way to do it without messing around with apt and the sources file?
before rebuilding, you could also add the lucid binary sources.  and install the mdirectly.  meaning add: deb [URL] lucid main restricted universe multiverse
I believe I need, erlang-base, erlang-dev and erlang-nox
apt-get update && apt-get install erlang-base=1.0.x.y.  replacing 1.0.x.y with the version you need
ideally I want to rebuild it on 10 so it is native for 10, then use the PPA to setup future servers
okay, so just get the 8.04 sources, buildpackages, bump your version number, that it is bigger than the 10 version.  i would rather fix the current erlang version.  do you have an error mesage, what happens, if you run your software on the 10 version?
Sadly it isn't that simple
erlang is rather old, so if 10 version is not working anymore, this is a big problem
The code does not compile with a newer version of Erlang, and while updates exist for to correct this. These updates break other things
so the ubuntu erlang version is broken?
Not at all, we are forced to run an old version of ejabberd, and an old version of ejabberd is not compatible with Erlang R13
http://www.erlang-[URL] <- did you have a look here.  oha, okay.  no chance of porting?
No
i see i386, i686, x86, etc... x64 vs amd64... i don't understand the details of the convention on when to use what. So here, this guy's published a "386" package and "amd64" pacakge:. [URL] I can only ASSUME, that the amd64 will work for any 64 bit OS, and has nothing to do with actual AMD processor type. And the 386... shouldn't it just be x86?
x86 and i386 are 32bit. x86_64 and amd64 are 64bit
is there a reason you know of why someone woud publish with a specific name like amd64, if it worked on any 64 bit OS?
It's just tradition to call the 64bit amd64, because AMD was the one who invented the 64 bit extensions
: how about the 386 name, doesn't it also work for 586 and 686?
so I'm having a hard time booting into my 10.04 installation
OK, now was anything written to the MBR? Since GRUB isn't working?
Try to reinstall Kubuntu as mode 'expert' when you boot.
Was anything written to the MBR? Since GRUB isn't working?
when manually choosing partitions to install to, what do i mount to the ext4 partition?
if you're a new user i would just choose '/'
rehan: cool that's what i figured thanks
hi geeks !! i am using ASUS laptop PRO 50 G Series. somehow my function keys won't work with UBUNTU 8.10. Therefore I can't change the volume or the brightness etc. i tried looking on the internet and forums and all i get is about EPC. PLease Help
<unconvertable>  can you log into ubuntu?
yes. Yes .. I am currently in ubuntu
<unconvertable>  ok on desktop upper left side in text go to /system/prefs'/keyboard leftclick it. <unconvertable>  then go to tab "Layouts"
@  done.... done @
I need help getting the internet set up on my ubuntu. I usually use a usb-wifi adapter, but it doesnt have a driver for ubuntu
what wireless card do you have?
It isnt a wireless card. Its a usb adapter to wifi. Netgear WNDA3100 V2
long story short, if you don't have a CAT5 internet connection you're gonna have to download the .tar.gz and build it from the makefile
A what?
I'm having issues with bluetooth. 'sudo hcitool cc [address] ; sudo hcitool auth [address]' returns 'HCI authentication request failed: Input/output error'
for some devices like my bluetooth speakers I've had to push the reset botton to get them released from the last device they were bond to
so, clearing the memory so to speak...
How get a window to popup on a computer by connection whit SSH?
In 8.04 after i boot up if I open a web browser and view a flash video or audio then I am unable to hear sound coming from a local audio source (i.e mp3).. but then if I open a local audio file first, i can then no longer hear audio in flash. I have to restart the computer to reset the whole process of this. any ideas?
when i have a .deb file (in my case i got the [URL]b package). what is the command to install it?
when i retrieve e from my postgres database it show A what is going on and how can i fix this?
different encoding? utf8 is used in ubuntu maybe the db is another one
I also use utf as the encoding for the database.  I also use utf8 as the encoding for the database
hi, I have an annoying problem - every few seconds my mouse/keyboard connected through one usb socket, stops working for a few seconds - can anyone tell me how to debug this?
sounds like a power issue
but I never had it before..
How can i set the system variable in ubuntu?. set var=value not working. How can i set the system variable in ubuntu?
i tried hdparm -d1 /dev/hdX and it got slower
ok guys, which is better to use for video card drivers, Nov or Nvidia? i have a nvidia gt 220 card.
i need some advice, i have a desktop that came up black ... i am using ubuntu 8.10 .. how do i fix this driver issue ?
what does came up black mean??
i can log in to the machine .. but i have a cursor but no desktop ... i did have a desktop come up once .. but the colors were way skewed
you mean you can log in but then a black screen appears..??
i can log in .. and that is whte ... but then the screen turns black and there is no desktop ... but i have a mouse cursor.  i think its a nvidia issue .. but i forgot how to fix it
have you tried to move to text mode use alt-ctrl-f1.  well had this happened with you earlier.
i am there no.  now.  this started when i upgraded
ya upgrade it screwed my system too..i was also having some nvidia issues when i had to format and reinstall hardy
ok, is there maybe a way to get the video to work ?
may be you should try posting it on some forums..they could help you in a better way...
havent found much ... i know i fixed this once here
you can't even login why do you want to run a video..
i can login ... i am at a desktop ... but its blank
well i think you should try to go to text mode and try restarting gdb
whats the command for it
shadowsulf: sudo /etc/init.d/gdb restart. shadowsulf: then switch back to graphical mode by pressing alt-ctrl-f5 or f7 try both of them i m not sure..
ok, whats the command line to restart gdb
sudo /etc/init.d/gdb restart.  doesn't it work??
checking now
hi all. I have an elo touch et1524L touchscreen. everything is fine, but touchscreen works like central mirrored somehow. so when I touch right bottom, it moves the pointer to top left
hi all. when creating a backup of a system using dd if=/dev/sda of=/path/to/backup, will i be able to copy the backup back to an empty disk and boot from it?
hi. i have problem W: Failed to fetch gzip:/var/lib/apt/lists/partial/[URL]_ubuntu_dists_oneiric_main_binary-i386_Packages Hash Sum mismatch
can somebody check do you have .gtkrc in your home folder
How is this possible: I linked a program from /opt/ to /bin and It won't run, [URL]
as yo see, it searches for other dirs/files in $PWD which don't exist in bin/
so it's a program problem, not linking it?
it works, if you call "/opt/openoffice4/program/soffice" directly?
yes, . I just made aooffice to be a script, that does 'cd /opt/openoffice4/program/ ' and then './soffice' . And it works. Even /usr/bin/soffice (that comes from LibreOffice is actually a script. Only thing that wasn't done was installing AOO menu icons, because .deb provided by Apache does not work on Ubuntu. Must report that to them to fix that
is there a way to stop ubuntu from saving "recent documents"?
Hello im trying to install ubuntu but i get kernel_tread_helper+0x6 what to do?. And alot of error messages before it seems
how are you installing?
CD..
what version?
11.04
32 or 64 bit?
32
How can I restart the sound in Gnome? (Mine seems to not be working this login.)
has it worked prior?
Yeah, always.
How do I check if I have Xgl or AIGLX?
what graphics card are you using?
nVidia Corporation NV11 [GeForce2 MX/MX 400]
are you using the nvidia binary drivers?
I'm not sure. How do I check?
are you on using feisty?
yes.
System -> Admin -> Restricted Driver manager
yes, I see it in the window and it's in use.
well you can use AIGLX. To turn compiz on just go into System->Preferences->Desktop effects
I cannot use desktop effects since the title bars of windows will disappear.
you tried?
I tried enabling desktop effects, but the title bars dissapeared, so I could not move the windows around. Other than that, it worked.
How do I make a new user with permission to mount harddrives and setup a program to use it?
so, to get rid of whatever is managing my display went to tty1, executed "export DISPLAY=0.0; metacity -replace" and killed metacity.... i can restart metacity, but no other wm? (awesome, i3, ...) - they can't open display.... any hint?
Hi all. I have been using ubuntu 10.10 for almost 6 moths and now want to shift to KUbuntu....what you guys suggest for KDE?
i just got a .docm file (damn microsoft) and cant open it on ubuntu... does anyone know of a converter?
the ndiswrapper in my kernel wouldnt work I had to compile fromcsource
works now?
yes
same thing happened here. I made a wiki page for it.
netgear wg511 v2
Okay, I got FTP access, nevermind.. How do I enable uploading?
Anyone here who has gotten ics to work with a windows client to an ubuntu host?
yes
Okay. I am having some problems. After following this guide [URL] it still doesn't work. I cannot ping the host on the client side and vice versa after connecting
I just followed that guide yesterday for two machines in virtualbox.. it worked for me.. I still have to enable ip_forwarding manuall after I reboot... but apart from that it should work
Maybe I haven't enabled ip_forwarding? How do I do that?
sudo -i then echo 1 > /proc/sys/net/ipv4/ip_forward then exit no reboot needed.. it should start working right away
Nope, still cannot ping. Maybe there is some problem with the eth1 device? Can I check that it is working correctly somehow?
I got a problem..... installed a game demo, and it installed itself in a folder on the desktop. sudo hdparm -d1 /dev/dvd. sudo hdparm -k1 /dev/dvd. I got a problem..... installed a game demo, and it installed itself in a folder on the desktop. The problem is that the demo changed the rights for the Desktop folder.. how do i change it back?
weird the makefile is in place, however it Make is not working
there are hoards of closet longtime debian users in here. debian users never truly switch :)
so i've been using screen for years and moved to byobu cause i like it but the one problem is that the passphrases i have saved in my keyring arnt accessable in byobu. so i have to keep typing them in instead of just once. any advice?. specifically for rsa keys
ok dumb question time............... new to ubuntu..........what is apt-get and how do i use?
It's a command like program to install/uninstall programs. Using the Synaptic frontend is usually recommended.. *line
:S  after reading a forum........i found that best way to fix my problem is threw apt-get. as the other guy with the exact same problem that was the only way he won ;)
Hi, i need a small non-gui program to burn a image to a disk. any suggetstion?
every time i try starting X, I get failed to load module flgrx. module does not exist. it's installed though and i even loaded it up with modprobe. then i get "no screens found".
dpkg -l |grep fglrx
yeah, it didn't list anything
then I don't think you have any drivers for radeons from amd installed at all
i've made sure fglrx is installed. modprobe -l even shows it loaded. or is flgrx just a generic driver? if so, not to bug, but do you know how to get ahold of ati drivers from cli?
is there any other way to get my wirless without ndiswrapper
hi all :). Looking for driver of my Wirless Adapter on my Hp dv6000 !. Can anyone helps me ?
is there anyway to make wget try again if it gets a message other than 200 OK? like every so often it gets a 500 error and doing it a 2nd time succeeds for me
could write a script, grep the output, and loop if failed.
i would think wget would just have an option for it though
last time I put a new graphics card in everything just worked fine, then asked if I wanted to use a restricted driver. this time around, I can't get a gui up
im using xchat, where can i disable the auto-exit when pressing the [X] on the top right of the window
what are you using?
xchat irc
problem with a broken package, no idea how to fix it. # apt-get install libglib2.0-dev. The following packages have unmet dependencies: libglib2.0-dev: Depends: libglib2.0-0 (= 2.22.2-0ubuntu1) but 2.22.3-0ubuntu1 is to be installed. E: Broken packages. 9.10
the packages are broken, check if there is a bug logged, if not log one
vanilla [URL]st.  no buglogged..
then I suggest you log one
o man.... running a production machine here. need to go live today
so ?.  then you should do proper planning
yeah .. i know ' no guarantees'
no, just proper planning and testing
been testing and planning for 3 months
then how do you not know the package is broken ?
it worked fine 3 weeks ago
so you're deploying a machine on the day it's supposed to go live, that doesn't seem like a good plan.  also as you know ubuntu is updated on a regular basis, have you kept up with the package status for your deployment ?
that is where it went wrong, i have not been at the machine for some weeks
ok, so that's not planning
i know, i scored below average on my ITIL test
log a bug for it
will do
Question one. Is it safe to remove a corrupt Open Office file? The file that is corrupt is "file///home/user/.[URL]"
How do I turn off compiz ?
System -> Preferences -> Appearance
what if I can't access X?
Can you get to the GDM login screen?
Well for now my system works completely.  but I am certain once I update my compiz packages, I will be able to get to GDM but not to gnome.  I've had this behaviour twice before and had to reinstall
Certainly no need to reinstall because of that, you can start a failsafe gnome session from the GDM login screen, or disable compiz from the terminal
I checked appearance, it seems to be turned off tho. So I don't get it.
So what exactly is the problem? You have compiz installed but not enabled and when you update it it tries to start but fails even though it shouldn't have tried to start in the first place?
Yes.  it's the only packages that aren't updated.  when I update, gnome freezes on login.  it flashes the bars a few times and then freezes and my Hd goes way up.  it must be compiz, it's the only packages left I haven't updated
What happens when you login in a failsafe-gnome session?
I shall install them now. wish me luck
If you don't have another computer get irssi so you can get help without X
compiz, compiz-core, compiz-fusion-plugins-extra, compiz-gnome, compiz-plugins, libdecoration0. those are the ones I'm updating to 1:0.6.2.  ok, should I do a full reboot or just ctrl+backspace?
Would anyone happen to know the name of the daemon that let you run it on a box with speakers attached.. then use another computer/client to play music to it?. It was pretty short name.. haven't heard of it in years, so maybe theres something better now..
Attempting to install alongside win8, installer appears to have hung, the install window has been gone for the last 20 min gui still running and I can still drop into alt shells, any ideas on what to do?
Can I have a bootable usb drive that i can write onto while running that OS as well for normal file storage use?
is anyone else here using xchat? (not gnome-xchat)
how to change folder color?
I just bought a book from [URL] and its locked. I read up on the locked pdf and it said its a DRM file. How do I unlock my book or read my DRM pdf file please?
people in brazil leaving their debian servers for ubuntu ones
That very stupid of them.
why do you say that?
I don't know who does the bot scripting, but the !fixres suggestion to 'sudo /etc/init.d/?dm restart' doesn't seem to work, it just stops X, though I cannot be sure if that is just my computer
you replaced the ? right?
: yes
and what did you do before that?
: I just followed the instructions on how to change the resolutions
what did you do exactly?
: I was able to restart X because I remembered the command used, and it seemed to work after that, it just didn't auto-restart like I expected
when i typed in the cmd with intell a whole lot of stuff poped up
ok i got file sharing working, it wont be long now. yay gigabit :D
woot!
ok this is gonna sound dumb, how do i start wine? :P
umm you can configure it gavein but as far as runing it jut run the ap just like its in windows
ok,cool.  lol would help if i had wine installed... sigh
lol
ok installing rct3 now. you were able to install it right?
yes gavin. instled fine'
anyone know if sudo has to be restarted or something after editing the sudoers file?
shouldn't need to
darn cause I can't get the no password option to work.
pastebin your /etc/sudoers. How are you executing the command?
techno ALL=(ALL:ALL) NOPASSWD: ALL.  techno would be my user name..  I also did: root ALL=(ALL:ALL) NOPASSWD: ALL
pastebin your /etc/sudoers. How are you executing the command?
[URL]
Hey guys, can someone tell me why Synaptic is NOT letting me UNmark a package for removal? :( I click "unmark" but it just leaves it marked for removal.
Hey, anyone know about running Ubuntu on an IBM ThinkCentre A58? According to the certification thing on [URL] this model is "Ready", but it doesn't say what ready means!
could someone please help me locate openssl header file?
they won't be on your system by default
What is the package name? lib6c ?. -dev
please, i need some help with a wireless lan. I have a ipw2200bg, supported one, and a wireless modem-access point. i cannot create a wireless link between the laptop and the ap
I sent you a PM
i receive no pm
umm
maybe you're not registered
then maybe I don't know how to send one. I'm not registered I don't think, I've never used ICQ before
this is not ICQ!!! this is Irc!!!!
how can I find out why starting bind service fails?
Hello. Since I installed the nVidia proprietary driver, my splash image disappeared. How can I fix that?
by spash image you mean the nice "ubuntu" splash that pops up while the computer is booting?
yes.  so, any ideas?
yeah I think i might have a link for you one sec, gotta dig it up
sure
how is it that fsck can run on my 8tb raid file system and report "clean" in under 1 second?
is it unmounted?
yes.  ^
Hi, is there any way to set max cpu frequency with scaling enabled?
is there any way to lock which channel network manager uses to connect to a wlan?
Can anyone help me with the sound problem I have? Sometimes a program will take sole control of the sound, and then I can't get other programs to play sound, even after quitting the program and restarting my sound server...
how to increase brightness.. it's so dark
hi all! do you know how to list and manage running services? (14.04)
Will editing /etc/mdadm/[URL]nf such that the `MAILADDR` is set to <myuser> notify me of degraded arrays when I log in via SSH?. Put another way: how can I be notified of problems with a raid array when I log into my account over SSH?
See "man [URL]nf"
I'm not sure what I'm supposed to be seeing. The MAILADDR line seems to be what I'm looking for, but that doesn't answer my question of whether or not it's sufficient to put my user name
How do i create a shortcut/link to a file?
needing some grub2 help. i currently have my server installed to a flash drive. i have a ssd that just came in today so i will be moving it to that via dd. what do i need to change in grub2 to get it to still boot?
i'm having problems with my display. My monitor's max resolution is 1440x900. i set the screen resolution to 1440x900, but the "Desktop" actually extends beyond the actual monitor size, and scrolls when i move the mouse to the edge of the screen.. how do i resolve this?
I ordered a bunch of CD's a couple of weeks back, and on shipit it says they were sent to shipping company, but I was ordering Breezy CD's.. How does that add up?
has anyone successfully installed beryl + aiglx with a Radeon 9800 Pro???
Working with my 9700 Pro.
did u follow a particular guide?
No. It's an R300, it's supposed by the open source drivers..  The 9800, I suspect, probably isn't an R300?
how can i find out?
Google.. Unless you boot of the windows installer CD.. That does. :). Such as?. Windows can't read Linux partitions, so other than the MBR, there isn't anyhting for it.. It does not do that.
[URL]ng has it as a R350 NH
Then it's not supported.
i do have drivers installed. fglrx
Those do not support AIGLX.. And likely never will.. Heh.
=(
You can use xgl though.. Which is different from AIGLX.
the xorg-driver-fglrx is not open source??
No. It's ATI's propriatary drive.
ic
The "radeon" driver is open source, and has recent support for full acceleration on R300 and below.. But not yet above.. So, with an R300, it "Just Works"
got u
ioria: how do I create a mountable /tmp on an existing system
you want it on a tmpfs?
ioria: yes. ioria: the os already exist it's not a new installation
there should be a systemd mount unit you can enable
I'm a bit lazy hit me with the commands
copy /usr/share/systemd/tmp.mount to /etc/systemd and enable it.  /etc/systemd/system, sorry
thanks.  cp: cannot stat /usr/share/systemd/tmp.mount: No such file or directory.  or I'm doing something wrong
which ubuntu is this?
Trusty
sorry then, that hasn't got systemd :) hang on, i've got a line somewhere you can put in fstab. give me a minute.
okay, thanks
'tmpfs /tmp tmpfs defaults,noatime,nosuid,nodev,noexec,mode=1777,size=512M 0 0'.  just adjust size= to whatever you want
son of .... thats should works thanks - I mean it looks good..  you think 512 is enough?
how much ram has your machine got?
12 GB
the way it works is that it allocates what it needs dynamically up to that limit, see what /tmp uses on your system now under normal use
I know I don't need it , based on my ram. ok. tham. thanks
/tmp here uses under a megabyte, but it depends on the software you run.
sudo mount -a outputs: [mntent]: line 15 in /etc/fstab is bad.  take a look at my fstab [URL]
may i ask a question? telnet localhost 2101 works but telnet from another pc to server ip port dosnt work, tcpdump shows packets incoming
do you have a really good reason to be using telnet? the 80's called and want its telnet server back :)
im using telnet to test access to my Kannel bearerbox port
checked if a firewall is blocking it?
im using ufw and i have opened this port to whole word.  telnet ip port works from same server, telnet ip port dosnt work from another server
how do i figure out a particular group id if i want to use the usermod command?
Question In add and remove under all available applications if u keep the cursor on it the text box will read ones that may be restricted by law what's up with that
what's the problem?
applications restricted by law
If there is some one here who can edit the wiki, the page [URL] has a bad link in the Upgrade Notifier section.
hi. there is possible widescreen (16:9) resolutions in plymouth?
it depends of your video card
Nvidia GTX 360M.  I already have proprietary drive,. but splash and terminals are at very lower resolution. and I can't set wide resolution
which is the best* Kubuntu, Xubuntu or Ubuntu
it's a matter of personal taste
well what are some easily seen differences
so.. anyone know any tray application for changing the sound??? like in winblows
I did edgy clean install, got 104 sec boot time (bootchart) compared to 75 in dapper. is that common
i just tried with madwifi-ng-r2756+ar5007 drivers and still wlan doesnt work
whats the date on that source package?
i dont know
I want to customize my desktop with some buttons/launchers/whateverelse. Is it possible to create "web desktop" like Windows 98 "active desktop" so i can just make a simple web page for it?
does anyone know what the program that tells you in the notification area when the package database is in use is called
Hey guys, can I get some help getting ssh working? I downloaded, installed, and have the sshd_config, and forwarded port 22 to the proper machine, but while outside can see other services running on my machine, it can't see ssh. I can ssh 127.0.0.1 though so I assume it's running
is this guide: [URL] not for breezy, cause it says the terminal is in a different spot than i have it. and if so, will following these directions not install my graphics card?
anyone else using rhythmbox as their music player?
sure
do you have smooth transitions between tracks?
define smooth :). like cross fading?
yeah well not necessarily smooth as in faded, but do you get this "silent -> 0.5s bit of strange noise -> new track starts" sort of thingie? :P
I have no strange noise. just track end -> silence switching to new song -> new song
it goes to silent first, and then it plays just a bit from the end of last track, as it would flush buffer or something. could be my ancient cpu tho :P
W: Failed to fetch [URL] Well that's annoying, because I need to transcode to AAC
doesn't the restrictedformats give you the codecs for AAC [URL]
sacarlon, does it give me the encoder?. I have a 1.2gb video and want to knock it down for youtube.
you have the encoder you just need the codec.  mplayer also has an encoder
It does? all this time I was using VLC >.<. Of course it does. memcoder -.-.  Where is the 'encoder' options? I'm assuming I can't do it through a UI?
hi folks. I'm in serious need of some help. my laptop just started lagging like crazy, and I can't find the reason. there isn't a process that's lagging it down. firefox and gaim both crawl right after boot up
where (hardware wise) do you suppose the bottleneck is? RAM/SWAP? CPU? HDD?
I have 2GB of ram... maybe hard drive. I just replaced my hard drive
run 'top' in a terminal
but it was working better than this after I replaced it. this was rather sudden.  okay, I'm running top
how do I stop apache?
sudo /etc/init.d/apache2 stop
I still see the default page at localhost
ps aux | grep apache.  kill the PID of the apache proccesses
it worked this time. Can you tell me which directory it reads files from?
the default configdir is: /etc/apache2
I put a html file in /usr/share/apache2/default-site/ but I get a 404 error
print screen isn't working, what could be the prob? :(
I cannot access a port through internet that I have access from intranet. Can anyone help me go throu this?
check your router
proper forwarding has been done
what error when trying from WAN?
The connection has timed out.  The connection has timed out
how do I get a list of Unity-supported video cards?
I dont get the no operating system found message it says reboot and select propopper boot device
right, because your OS disk does not have a boot sector on it (grub). or valid boot loader I should say. normally because the graphics drivers are shut down. it can't remember the location
huh. I am at the step with the partition menu and it says: ubi-partman failed with exit code 141. further information can be found in /var/log/syslog.. y that my install might fail
repeat the process I told you earlier. that worked last time
I'm restarting the install. the partitions should be gone
why don't you just explain the issue, so that people know if they can help
I got the same message. its perplexing. reboot and select proper boot device
same thing - it's not installing grub to the device you are booting from
can I install grub another way?
the installer is fine, just during the install make sure you select the correct device
it's the whole harddrive
Is there a streaming MMS recorder in the Repos (not for KDE please)?
Hi!. I have created a separate partition on my 3 TB external drive for GRUB. but, I want to know how to pre-install GRUB to the pre-made partition. can someone help me pre-install grub?
What do you meant by "pre-install"?
I have made a dedicated partition on my external drive for GRUB. I'm in Ubuntu Studio 13.10. I have a 3 TB external drive
i just downloaded unrealircd and it is a tar.gz file... how do i install those kind of files??? i am new to linux
I have created a new desktop user, however when I log on as this user I am unable to share a folder, is there something I need to do to enable this user to share a folder ?
Who bright and incredibly stupid idea was to update ubuntu-docs?
hi, i don't mean to troll or anything, but why ubuntu 7.04 is so buggy here? gaim wont start, i get "Segmentation fault (core dumped)" gnome-settings-daemon wont start (i get another error) and themes in gnome doesn't work. i wish everything would just work here
I just don't understand why when I connect to FreeNode, my internet connects gets down
what is the best way to keep the functionality of 10.04 on 12.04
functionality in what sense
simple menus, easy to change themes, gnome-panel
question regarding upgrade from 10.04 ........ the update manager says there's a dkms update, but when it tries to download it, i get a popup box that says Please insert the disk labeled:. Ubuntu 11.04 _Natty Narwhal_ - Release i386 (20110427.1). in drive /cdrom/. anybody know why that is?
hello. anyone here tried to run nullmailer? I just installed it instead of postfix but when I try to telnet localhost 25 the connection is getting refused :O
did postfix run fine before ?
no I really couldn't get it working :S .. have managed to set it up before 1-2 times but I thought that because I only need a relay-smtp I could use some easier solution
do you have a firewall running ?
you mean a firewall as an router where I can open ports etc?..when I think of firewall I always think of something like windows firewall which I can stop but I haven't seen anything like that on ubuntu :O
well I mean both actually. there are also firewalls on ubuntu, could you check the output of 'service ufw status'
ufw start/running
ok so you do have a firewall running
oh hehe :O so I should stop ufw?
either you stop it, or you allow connection on port 25, via "sudo ufw allow 25"
ah yeah thats better ..but do I really need a connection on port 25 on my machine if I only want to use relay-smtp?. @  *
yes your machine will still be seen as a mail server from any client connecting to it, and you will need to allow smtp connections to it
aha oki then I get it  but still after allowing port 25 and trying to telnet localhost 25 I get the same error message while running nullmailer
is the nullmailer service running ?
yeah I guess :P
to be sure, "service nullmailer status"
didn't work they want me to use /etc/init.d/nullmailer instead of service and then there's no status attribute :O
then try "sudo /etc/init.d/nullmailer restart" and then try to connect via telnet again
still same error :P
ok, then back to the firewall... could you pastebin the output of "sudo ufw status" ?
[URL]  don't you mean "sudo service ufw status" ? .. sudo ufw status returns Status:inactive but sudo service ufw status returns ufw start/running
no I meant "sudo ufw status", but then it means that the firewall isn't enabled... so the problem does not come from there unless you have some other firewall running
I have a new installation of ubuntu and haven't installed some other firewall :).  while I was running postfix before I managed to telnet just fine but then the authentication failed :S.  so I guess it's not the firewall
after looking at the documentation, it appears I didn't understand what nullmailer was....  it only handles outgoing messages, so you won't be able to connect to it via smtp.  have a look at the manpages for nullmailer, nullmailer-inject, nullmailer-queue and nullmailer-send
how do you mean only outgoing ? should I still be able to send a message using another SMTP with nullmailer?
any one can help my pc crashed when I try to upgrade from 12.04 to 14.04.2 when the power is gone pls help how can I recover ?
clean install 14.04.2
<> sorry I don't have ubuntu cd for the time being I have only internet accsess
wpa is a new one for me. not if you don't transfera lot. it would take forever to capture enough packets to crack it
only takes a few hundred MB of transfer iirc.  so maybe a few days on a lightly used network, vs a few min on a heavily used one
exactly
how can i make sure that any directory/file created under a certain dir tree has same user and group as of the main dir? set which bit? uid or gid?
How can I tell which network interface a service is listening to?
i need help trying to mount a raid1 etx4 drive using mdadm. i gave it a test_fs flag so i can work with it but i have no idea what to make of the 4 partitions on it. i can only mount sdb3, the rest say "/dev/sdb# has no superblock". the thing is, when i mount just that one, i get input/output errors when trying to copy files of it.
try check the disk
any particular check tool you have in mind?
chkdsk
i have done that. it tests ok, smart reports ok.
on all 4 partitions?
yep, the drive is fine. should i be mounting just the one partition? this is a system that doesn't have the raid setup...
what do you get when you try to mount the first partition
/dev/sdb1 has no superblock
have you any sensitive data on your drive?
.9tb of them
Where is termcap?. Presumably termcap must either exist, or Ubuntu's parted is not the same as the parted on sourceforge.
I am reinstalling ubuntu to see if the raid would sense and it did. I made the raid after first install. it found it so now reinstalling
you went and put the /home on there didn't you :(
nope. I havent touched that yet. still installing just to SSD as per normal. but it sense the raid. Once I get installed to SSD with RAID detecting then I will ask for next steps :). I just wanna move my home and cache to the RAID. then set the SSD to read only. That should prolong the SSD life exponentially correct?
still 100% disagree with your plan
Almost indefinnitely
no, your idea is silly. you need to do OS updates regularly, you can't set it read only
Touche...
when i open GMail, i get alerts in firefox saying "0" doesnt happen on any other site
which firefox version?
yes. 0. ff - 1.0.2
Someone can explain me how to disable a startup service?
i need help. i can not download agame. i can not download a game and i have wine
Hello people, I really need a new laptop, and I want it to run ubuntu well, is there a list I can get of laptops known to work well with Ubuntu? Thanks
is there a cmd i can use to increase my network card speed to a more consistant number
you mean to make it faster?
yes it fluctuates
lynx [URL] is imo the only command to make it faster.  with other words, you cant make your card faster then it is
from 54 to 300. no the speed changes
say, lately I've been having artifacts, large areas of my screen not refreshing and displaying what ever was previouly rendered as if frozen despite changing the content in the area. Might this be a video card problem?
How do you find out your kernel version?. I think it's 2.6.17 something
hey, i'm still trying to figure out how to disable the splash screen in edgy. i believe it's slowing down my boot time.. can someone tell me what i have to change in my menu.lst?
remove the 'splash'
okay... looking...  this line? "# defoptions=quiet splash"
ok, so X -version gives version 1.3, however ATI installer thinks X.org should be versions 6.8-7.1, Is X server different from X.org?
Hi. can anyone tell me about some good book on g++
so... can I create new "super user account. 'from command line?
The permissions on /var/run/mpd reset everytime I reboot, anybody know how to prevent that?
add chown mpd:mpd /var/run/mpd to /etc/rc.local.  but rather file a bug
but do you know what's resetting the permissions each boot?
nope.  this is what i would looking for first.  how do you hange the permissions after you booted?
what?
if you boot and see the right wrong - what are you doing then?
if the see the... right wrong?
Someone can help me with multipath installation ?
Hello again, does it make sense to assume that a 64bit processor will run a 64bit OS better than it would run an i686 OS?
yes
ok thought so.
how do you make the smb shortcuts appear in my computer?
hi my pci wlan card is not recognised after cold start. only after a ctrl+alt+del reboot.
!watchdog. are you using NDIS Wrapper?. is your wireless card USB?. have you tried to modprobe ndiswrapper?. do you see the network when you do sudo iwlist scanning?. have you told NDIS the ID of the network you want to connect to?. the essid i mean
i believe so. I have specified it in interfaces file, and kwifimanager as well. i have entered the WEP key as well
try this: sudo iwconfig wlan0 essid "NetworkNameHere"
is there some ubuntuese equivalent to [URL] ?
you mean a web browsable repository? or more of the version control aspect?
i need a version of a package more recent than dapper, but older than currently in edgy
nope, you'll need to build your own
right. so where do i find older source packages?
I am looking for some help with getting 802.1n working on my laptop. I am currently running 12.1
iwconfig
.......I only see the current 2.47 freq....not the 5 ghz network
hi, just got a new dell vostro 3550, trying to setup ubuntu lucid, but unable to find drivers. any pointers?
what drivers? Is something not working?
need driver for display, wireless
how can i add ubuntu to de lilo boot loader?
why would you use lilo?
because grub messed arround slakware. i try before. so i want to try with lilo. yesterday i have the login screen on it but no keyboard or mouse. any ideas. what will be best
tried simply installing lilo?
i try already. no keyboard no mouse. just installing wirth lilo
that is not a grub problem
ofcourse i think the problem is that i dont really know how to. but im pretty sure is posible. can u show me please
I can ssh from another computer on the local network though. Is this a known restriction with vmware and/or virtual machines in general?
think about it for a minute, whats the ip address of your host and your guest os?
- host is 192.168.0.7, guest is 192.168.0.9
I'm sorry for doing such a silly question here, but no one is answering me at #conky. So, I started using Conky today, but I'm getting a weird question mark inside of a box in the end of each line. Anybody here has any idea?
where in linux iis installed apps? I've installed keepassx and want run it like root. as root
you shouldn't run it as root. you should run it as your normal user
but if I run as user I can't access windows disk. there saved pasword database
What's the best way to share my muse and keyboard with another pc running win7?
how do I check the system logs. with...ugh...systemd. har har. I need to do something similar to. tail -F /var/log/syslog. how do I do this now. also, why is systemctl not present
is it normal that the livecd dumps me into a command line after all configuration?. does it happen if it detects the computer is too slow? :)
i have even tryed to install a windows version of openfire but that did not work ither. i have a domain [URL] that links to the linux box
have you looked at help pages along these lines: [URL]
yes i have a no luck
you have followed all those possible steps?
many times before and also reinstall ubuntu on this computer to start fresh
if you have openfire working via the web, it's not an OS problem; it's likely a database problem
ok thats what i thought but i can never seam to get it to worjk
when you go into mysql, you see the database you have created?
i use the internal database that comes with it
oh dear...i'm about to run an XP virtual machine because i cannot seem to RDP into my work computer any other way...anyone have a way that will work to RDP from ubuntu to windoze 7?. terminal server client won't connect. just tells me connection reset by peer
its prob the firewall on the Winblows 7 pc blocking it
nah, i can connect from other windows machines
what version OS you running (linux)
10.10
hey all. so my screen sometimes flickers a little bit. around the bottom and side edges, is this normal?
with compiz or not
happens with compiz turned on or off. currently its off, but it is installed on box
hello guys, How can i boot ubuntu forcing it to recognizemy IDE drive ? i have a "Sata link down" message and it stops the booting
is it normal for firefox to crash when fsck is running?. cus it did and it won't load back up. is it normal for firefox to crash when fsck is running?. cus it did and it won't load back up
you are running a system check ?
yea i put sudo fsck in to the terminal
hey guys, is there any way to send a message or anything to a windows computer i'm on the same network with?
basically i want to start with only Cacti/Nagios/FreeRadius/Syslog on the server....maybe in the future i might add more.... i just want to secure it from any hackers who could possibly use my server for sending out spam or anything else...
Does anybody in here use ndiswrapper?. If ya don't use it don't bug the bot. that's annoying to no end.
just ask thew question you want to ask, please.
the question is about driver installation and why my wireless device is showing up but not broadcasting
what device? how is it attached? what chipset? what device drivers are you using, and from where? how did you install them? can you see SSIDs? etc etc etc.
Belkin f9l1101v1, broadcom, windows drivers via ndiswrapper, Not broadcasting so No ssid
Broadcom what? they make a lot of chipsets.
dunno what broadcom chipset lemme check
BCM4323.  that does not require ndiswrapper.
I beg to differ
BCM43xx drivers for Linux will work with that.
the free drivers don't work
have you booted the machine with the dongle attached so that the kernel knows the device is there when it's choosing what modules to load?
On several occasions
and what does "lsmod | grep bcm" say when you do?
On full hardware boot, virtual machine boot,. prob nothing as i've blacklisted the included drivers. nada
Is there any way i can install glibc-2.4 on dapper? i get glibc-2.3.5-0ubuntu1 only to install thru apt-get
Why would you need to revert that?
i need to run truecrypt
And it requires and older version of glibc?
i hav installed it from apt-get, it installed f9 , now when i run it it gives me error
np
truecrypt: /lib/tls/i686/cmov/[URL].6: version `GLIBC_2.4' not found (required by truecrypt)
that is a dangerous lib to change, i dont reccomend it. Have you looked into luks?
okaym i dunno about luks
hi. can any one tell me how to make any site trusted. which means activex is allowed
Is there a message that comes up, ?
yes. when i go to some sites it says
when trying to boot up ubuntu on my laptop it stays at a blinking prompt after teh ubuntu loading bar screen how can i fix this?
Anyone else have an explination for my ata drives being labed sdc and sdd?
how can i share a file to a remote location from ubuntu server ?
...
I have copied the file to webserver location, how can i access now. e.g.: i am trying ftp://localhost/foldername/filename
Anyone knows how to have 2 different background images on 2 different screens with different resolution? I am using Nvidia 9800GTX with the 180.22 driver. The resolutions are 1680x1050 and 1440x900.
A lil problem, [ Error writing /etc/network/interfaces: Permission Denied]
No help to as why I can't install things?
what package manager were you using?
I was using sudo apt-get on Kubuntu. (I'd try their irc, but hardly anyone is around. )
pgrep -l apt-get
Rylu: 3848 apt-get
do you still have that open somewhere, by any chance?
Raylu, How? I've restarted my computer twice since then.
hi. my friend accidently deleted boot partition. how can i fix it?. how to fix deleted boot partition?. how to fix deleted boot partition?
boot the liveCD and create a new one. install grub to it..  [URL] will help
how to fix deleted boot partition?
I'm looking for some cool mono-chrome unity (16.04LTS) themes. anybody knows good resource?
gnome-[URL] has a lot of stuff, dunno if they have what you're after.
yeah, just browsing - they are the best and the only ones?
best, no clue, i'm not a desktop guy. only one, far from it.
how do I restart unity session to see all color changes applied?
relogin?
any other method? I have to kill all windows to do that
Hi! Could anyone offer some tips on troubleshooting a slow server?
how to know what motherboard im using?
Hey guys, i just bought a asus pci-ac68 dual-band wireless adapter. Everything's is working but for an unknown reason, the stability is really bad. I ignored ipv6 but doesnt change anything. Anyone have a idea r how to improve/debug this ? thx
isent there a conference mode that hides the joins and quits from chat text?
help!! I installed GNOME3 on ubuntu and now nothing appears on the desktop and i can't select anything
common test.. try making a new user, see if they work. also clarify to the channel your version of ubuntu and what you installed exactly.
dr_willis thanks, but i just needed to turn something on in gnome-tweak
why do you need a /boot/ parttion?.  cant say i really have needed to use that tool in ages.
dr_willis :P. my more important problem is that after installing GNOME, when i switch back to unity, the close button is on the right
When I log into my vnc server (which only works on localhost, cant even connect from my other pc on the network) all I get is a term window. How do I make it look like my normal GDM stuff?
one option I might suggest is xdcmp, unless you have a need to control the display
I thought VNC was supposed to let me control this computer (all my windows and apps) from another computer..
what package do I need to open rar?
unrar
so just apt-get install unrar?
hey, i'm back again with the same question - gdm (i think it is gdm's fault) freezes my PC, Ubuntu boots, but when it is mtime to load gdm, it freezes, what to do?. didn't helped
freezes so you can't switch vt's, even?
yes, keyboard works, but linux doesn't act to nothing. i can turn on/off num lock and all those lights :)
can you type CTRL+ALT+F1 to get a login prompt? If you ping the box from somewhere else (if that's a possibility) does it respond?
i cant. ctrl alt f1 or f2 or anything else won't work, also ctrl + c and all those..
hmm. the first thing I would do is boot from the Ubuntu Live disc and take gdm out of the default startup level. then you can boot the system and troubleshoot from the command prompt - if you want to do that.
i don't have the liveCD. so i need to download it
ok, Im trying to get RAR installed and it says i need to put the files in my \usr\sbin\ directory but i dont have write rights..... how do give myself these rights?
you need to use sudo. also, you might consider, if you're installing manually, instead putting them in /usr/local/sbin so they don't get confused with apt-installed packages. also, this is linux--our slashes go forward
lol sorry  :D. and thanks
does anyone know how to mount an already existing linux raid array??
the same way you mounted it before. with mdadm
well the last time i did it, i edited the mdraid file, but that's not there anymore
Does anyone here have experience with preseeding installs? specifically installing custom .deb files that are on the CD along with the installation?
How can i use my rams to help the performances of my system?
the linux kernel will manage your ram to give you the best performance
right now is only using 11% of it. Can't i do anything to use more of it, and make it efficient ?
why do you think it's only using %11 ?
Ikonia: because that's what conky, and system monitor is telling me,
I installed 14.04 a while back using a daily image. Will the updates bring it to the latest version even upon official release or will I have to reinstall?. sorry wrong chan
Hi! How can I upgrade from 6.10 to 7.04 without fast Internet connection? Is it possible if I have 7.04 Live CD only?
if i wanted to encrypt the / fs post-install. is there a way to do that with a lower than 5% chance of eating all my homeworks. ?
There aren't tools to easily do that in-place
presumably it's relatively trivial if you can backup everything outside the [already-encrypted] home partition. aye. truecrypt had some magic for it on windows istr, but god knows. and seems potentially fragile. i'll probably just backup my data and do a reinstall
if the system is using LVM and has reserved some free extents, it should be possible to recreate
what are the important things to save other than homedir, dotfiles and configs from /etc for configured packages. in fact, is it possible to use apt-* to list all configuration files associated with installed non-default packages?. that seems doable and might allow for a relatively interaction-free reconfigure of a fresh install
there'll be configs under /var/lib for some packages too
aye, but apt keeps track of what's config. at least, there's remove/purge so it is savvy to the difference between functionality files and config files
hey guys, how can i fix gnome-terminal so it's not set to xterm. i would like to get xterm-256color so i get color in utils like tmux. do i just have to do export TERM=xterm-256color in my bashrc?. i see theres a check in the bashrc that looks for xterm-color?. and then sets a color_prompt
so... noone's ever had the situation where wicd works and networkmanager doesn't?
I have, why?
I'm just trying to work out why 'cos wicd loses the connection but doesn't notice, which nm never seemed to do, so I'd rather use nm
I thought you said wicd works, and nm doesnt?
yeah, on this particular hardware, which is the problem
can download on transmission be above the bandwidth given by isp?
hello, i installed compiz/xgl using a tutorial and it was working fine. after installing a lot of programs/codecs using automatix it seems to have stopped working since rebooting. can anyone help me?. /usr/bin/thefuture: line 2: gnome-window-decorator: command not found. is the error message i get
automatix tends to break things
i see
could someone explain to me how to install python-mode in emacs? i have the file, just dont know where to put it, or what to do as far as configuring emacs
Does anyone have a link to a write-up or how-to on tunneling an x connection
Is there a way to return a number of files in shell?. For instance, instead o listing all files in a directory, how about giving the number of files in a directory?
Hi, I'm using 10.04, and for some reason, when I click the firefox icon, firefox will not load. Is this a problem I should ask here, or in another channel?
hi all. I have a problem. tried all i could and no solution, however i have a feeling it is trivial... i enter my password on login GUI (14.04) and .. i am waiting until computer freezes. everything else seems to be ok.. #ubuntu
might want to try using the boot option "nomodeset".  Start a reboot and hold down the Shift key. Press the e key on getting the GRUB bootloader. Using arrow keys navigate to and delete quiet and splash and type the word nomodeset in their place. Press Ctrl and X at the same time to continue booting.  see if that gets you into your desktop
THX  - i will try it now
hallo; i've accidentally rm -r'ed /boot/grub and i can't get grub back.... i'm running on a live cd now.
Not sure where to ask this. Just bought a micro usb cable for use as a data cable for my phone. Turns out that it is a charging cable only. Damn sales rep lied to me when asked about it. Anyway, I saw something on a google search one time about getting charging cables to work as a data cable. Anyone have any experience with that, or know where I should ask?
how do i delete an unallocated partition to make room for another?
Get an answer yet? [URL] might help
no i haven't, thanks i will check that out
: Did you want to resize the Windows part or expand the Linux part?
my problem is that my linux partion is just big enough for the system files and i have to room to download updates and etc. Is there anyway to just tell ubuntu where to download to instead?
Ubuntu will download to or in Ubuntu, I guess you can save the downloads on a Flash,CD-R or whatever, I am also pretty certain that you can expand the install, but let me look for that.
ok thanks
You can expand the volume, ext2/ext3 can be expanded with Gparted or some like utility, I find it easier to back up data , do a fresh install with parameters set as you prefer.
i was thinking about that, i just installed Ubuntu a day or two ago so i have no data to loose. If i just start the install process again with the CD will it delete my current install or will i end up with 2 instances of Ubuntu on my system?
hello guys, I think I messed up my php installation. Any help? this is the error output I am given : [URL]
Have you tried doing: sudo apt-get -f install && sudo apt-get update && sudo apt-get upgrade ==> to see if the "-f" will FIX the "installation" along with doing the necessary update/upgrade...which sometimes will resolve the "config" issues?
yes with no sucess
And is it safe to assume that you've gone through the process of doing "sudo dpkg-reconfigure" for PHP...?
no..let me try it.  i get "php7.0 is broken or not fully installed"
You can use the "sudo apt-get reinstall php7.0" -> see what does produces...
"Internal Error, No file name for php7.0:amd64" :S
who knows how to fix audio in xp running in virtualbox
Hey guys. I just installed Ubuntu. and I wanted my resolution to be 1280x1024. but it's only giving me 1280x800. any ideas?
I'm running 12.04 on a macbook. Gnome-shell crashed, making the UI unusable, so I did a hard reboot and now it looks like my machine is unbootable. Selecting the recovery kernel from the grub menu ends with the message "edd informatino not available". Please, can someone help me recover my machine?
wow! I guess I am the first one to have that problem :P hehe [Since I didn't see any report in the Ubuntuforum]
is ubuntu on hda3 or hda4?
hda3
then grub should say (hd0,2) and that's what you had
hda4 is the Swap, if I remember correctly...
can you mount the partition from a live cd even?
haven't try to mount from the Live cd.
Okay, I have the information on the game file. It's in my home directory. I typed file GERally, and here's what it says: "GERally: ELF 32-bit LSB executable, Intel 80386, version 1 (SYSV), for GNU/Linux 2.2.5, dynamically linked (uses shared libs), stripped"
heya, I am trying to setup my wireless inet connection but I can't seem to get my WPA key working when I use iwconfig.... I have been trying to use "iwconfig eth1 essid wrieless_3 key s:haha" what's wrong?. (my WPA key is 'haha')
Did you install wpasupplicant?
ah no. yes sorry. it is there
Hrm, not sure then...can you connect to open wireless points?
hrmm. no I can't
any help for setting up webcams???
ask
i want to set up my webcam.  its quickcam logitech
what's the problem?
how do i do it??
plug it in for a start
its already plugged in
whats better for a hosted server? freebsd or debian?
depends what you want it to do.  i have had hosting on both
a webpage or two.. plus some java
in that case it wouldnt matter. i'd go with the Debian server myself (because i understand it better)
thats why I initially went with debian.. but someone else suggested freebsd.. And I'm wondering how I should weigh the two
i am trying to install the linux version of utorrent and it comes as a file utorrent-server-3.0-24733.tar.gz i know this is a compressed archive but I have never installed an application like this. would this need to be compiled ?
if untarring it produes the source then yes you need to compile it
only thing that comes out is docs, utserver, and webgui.zip
wait i'm downloading now, i'll get a definite soon
thanks.  it almost seems like to be it isn't for desktop users but for webservers only
any reason why a maverick based "do-release-upgrade" would say no new release found?
i can't get frostwire to work on Jaunty 32bit, i get this error: [URL] im guessing i have the wrong java version, or something
more like a classpath issue
do you know how to go about fixing it?
is this started by a script ?
only by typing 'frostwire' into a terminal
anyone know a good backup program for ubuntu ? im running a web server and want to back up everything
can someone help me? I cant play mp3s or any other media anymore. I use to be able to but after i started up my comp today I cant anymore.
what happens when you try playing media?
i get a cant open media for writing error
My server, which is run though a dynamic DNS, sometimes just sits at the command prompt, like when im trying to ssh in. It just does nothing, and eventually breaks the connection, this only happens sometimes, but Im worried about people viewing my website (once I get it online). Any idea how I could fix this?
Hi. I did a system update yesterday night and when I turned the computer on today, my home directory vanished. I think ecryptfs screwed something up. I was wondering if I could get help recovering my home folder from .Private
did you write down the loooong password that ubuntu gave you after you first set up your encrypted homedir?
yeah
eh, k, I didn't expect that. let me check.
I tried following some instructions to remount it elsewhere, but the mount came up empty
did you try the instructions on [URL] Your Data Manually ?
the ones I followed were [URL] which look very similar. after I mounted it, the mounted home was still empty. but the .Private def has stuff in it
.  looks pretty similar. darn ... can anyone else take alook here? I thought my loopaes experience might help ... but this looks quite different
what happened was I originally had encryption installed. Then I disabled it somehow (I believe by editing some settings file, but I forget what). I then copied my files over to a clean home folder (with no .Private) , and all was good for a few weeks. Then last night, ubuntu did an update and I think overwrote a settings file and this morning, when I turned the machien on, no home folder but a .private folder
any ideas on how to start a full X session over ssh on another tty? (startx -- :1, for example, but over ssh)
you can see the remote terminal from where you are sitting, and dont want to reach for its keyboard or what?
my daughter is using the desktop. i want to use it for bittorrent and some other stuff while she's using it. i'm on my laptop with wireless and a smaller disk. and dont want to use BT on the laptop
hi all! is ~4.16 MB/s an resonable speed when copying ~450 GB from one portable hdd to another with both useing usb2.0 and 7200rpm?
seems a *little* slow, but nothing too bad... i think my best (observed) results are around 6 MB/s, but copying only 300 GB (on identical 500 GB drives).  also, that was almost all large contiguous files (typically at least 150 MB)
what's the best app to use when doing these kind of large "backups"?
after i add a user to a group, is there a way to refresh that somehow?
you'd have to restart if you are that user. I think you can get away with restarting gdm.
how can i restart gdm?
sudo /etc/init.d/gdm restart.
thanks
hi guys, i've just upgraded to ubuntu, and x doesn't come up. startx says: "(EE) module ABI major version (0) doesn't match the server's version (1) / Failed to load module "nv" (module requirement mismatch, 0)". what have i done wrong? i followed the upgrade instructions
try installing package "linux-386"
done, but same error
try installing packages: xserver-xorg-driver-all xserver-xorg-input-all
xserver-xorg-driver-all has no install candidate, and input-all is installed
sorry: xserver-xorg-video-all
installing ... i just use the nv driver though, and that's installed
hi, i have a cable between the modem and between one box. i think that is named patch cable. can i make a netwrok between two boxes with this cable?
Small issue... suddenly, my second monitor is refusing to scale to the correct resolution :(. Displays shows it as unknown. I can only get it to go to 1360x768, when the monitor is a 1600x900
suddenly ? was working before ?
correct. Since perhaps a few days ago when I used it last. Only thing I've changed is I let the updater run like I do most every day.
replug firmly the cables ?
It's a DVI/VGA adapter. it's been working for 2 years, and suddenly today booting up, it refuses to allow me to set to the proper resolution in the Display settings.
how can i make sure my secondary network card runs at startup?
the same way you make sure that your primary network card runs at startup
tried that, doing nothing dosent work ;)
Okay! Let me try this again. I am a Microsoft-dependant Ubuntu-Noob trying to get a Linksys WUSB54GC USB Wireless Network Dongle to connect to a Linksys WRT160N Router set to Wireless B/G and WPA Personal Encryption. ( Either TKIS or EAP is accepted) The Dongle works perfectly on Windows XP and Vista, and it works on Karmic when connecting to unsecured networks. Just not to MY network. I have read the article at https://help.ubuntu.
how do i stop this one process from going, i keep killingit but it keeps coming back.
It's possible to update via normal updater, isn't it? But, is it better to do a fresh install?
ow?. hi.... !ubuntu-desktop. do u kow how to remove ubuntu-desktop package?. well when i tried to installed it..it takes 2 giga off my hardisk. but when i tried to apt-get remove ubuntu-desktop only xxxmb freed
Is there an easy way to append one wav file to another, with sox perhaps?
i would like to save the ls information of a directory a file (print to file), what is the command for that again?. ^[SIMPLE Question]
hi guys, is there a way to open a terminal during an install from a minimal cd image?
Ctrl+Alt+F2 ??
love you!
no problem :)
trying to recover some data from an old hard disk ;S
you can also try out Ctlr+Alt+Fn | n >= 2, n < 6
not a problem, that works fine!
Anyone else having trouble logging into 12.04 after updating?
i want to move all items above 500 MB to some folder but cant figure out the command. does some one can help me out as the data is huge and moving each will be difficult through gui
Devish, is the data all in ine folder?
yes in one folder
you wanna do it via command line, i understand, isn't it?
yes i would be easier that way
Guys - Good bootable CD for resizing partitions?
how remount my drive...my drive not mount properly.... please help me. how remount my drive...my drive not mount properly...
was it mounted before?
yes
do you know the address it was mounted to?
yes
what is the command you're trying - or did it not mount at boot time
not mount at boot time..
hey guys I have a strange problem, Im using a built in atheros wifi on my laptop which worked out of the box on feisty until the other day I booted the pc and its gone??? now I have to connect using an ethernet cable?? why does linux do these things, I thought it was stable or "rock solid" rather...
according to your description, it seems like windows did that thing.  oops sorry misread.  I use an atheros card too. do you use the network manager?
yes, it vanished from there
i'm brand new to ubuntu. my network card is not recognized by ubuntu and i'm trying to compile a driver that i found.. however, i'm getting this error "linux kernel source not configured - missing version.h. stop." when i run the make command. can anyone help me resolve this problem?
How do I update gfx driver in Xubuntu? Intel drivers, anyone?
hey how do u install tar.gz files
Hello guys. Am I the only one to have big problems with chrome on ubuntu 13.10 ?. (problems that are not present in chromium)
what kind of problems ?
sometimes it doesn't run in gui (but create all the process it usually create), but worst, it slows the computer I use to works (that have a SSD !), and when I say "slows", that mean I need to reboot. Using chromium fixes everything, but why chrome for ubuntu exists if it's not compatible ? I have this problems on both of my computers.
That is strange .
that's why i'm here ^^
is there a way to save the current state of a livecd to the livecd media?
help, i did sudo mkdir /home/samba/DATA , now how do i mount the ntfs drive DATA in that folder?
Hey, what to do with Nautilus ?. Come on, it's emergency, how to rebuild Nautilus !
what were you doing in nautilus at the time it crashed?
I dropped images in the folder.
and the bug is reproducible?
I don't know, but when I paste stuff also crashes.
you might have to downgrade, but did the problem start immediately after upgrading to Ibex?
yes.  I'll change to dolphin then ]:).
am tried to kill process but itsn't get killed,what can i do to end it?
hey, were is paste bin?. *where. thanks.. I'm trying to upgrade to edgy, does anyone know what this X11 error is? http://paste.ubuntu-[URL]
hi all. I'm having problems installing my video card. just installed a fresh ubuntu 8.10 copy
what's the problem?
lspci tells me matrox graphics mga g400/g450.  and resolution is pretty low
have you been in hardware drivers? syatem > administaration > hardware drivers
no proprietary drivers for this system
ok how old is the computer?
the computer is not very old, just made the mistake to switch my geforce card with this junk
I see some people at both channels, Debian's and Ubuntu's. I would be interested in knowing which one they would recommend for a Linux newbie. Because, I assume they have used both for a considerable length of time and know both the distros well.
Hello :), I am on 9.04 and I am using gparted I am trying to format the whole drive ext4 but It does not work. The drive never gets fully erase and has a lost and found icon on it. It only lets me format fat32. 986GB driv
formatting as ext4 makes it create a lost-and-found directory.  lost+found
how do I format it - it says Lost+found and I do not have permission to use it
I'm trying to browse one of my drives, but I get an error saying "Too many open files". What did I do? I was copying alot of files around right before this happened.
just wait a little until the disk is snced again. or, if you want to enforce it you can use the sysrq key or simple reboot.
I don't want to reboot, so I'll wait then. Thanks
try pressing ALT + SYS-RQ + S
alt+sysrq gives me a screenshot
Does ubuntu use Licknuts or Unix?
a question!. im trying to install soldier of fortune and i run the .sh file and when i need to choose an installation directory it says i have no permission?
under what user are you installing?
my own user. Volks. lol. i added my self to the root group
try it again under root. oic. either way :P
through the user/group management tab
what dir anyways?
but i donno. err. trie dloads of dirs. shall i pastebin?. !pastebin
Any advice for escaping low graphics mode in 11.04 on an Acer Aspire 5738z laptop?
hey need help. tommorow i m changing my internet provider from adsl to cabel. how do i configure the connection for cabek?. tommorow i m changing my internet provider from adsl to cabel. how do i configure the connection for cabek?. how do i configure the connection for cabel?
do you use a seperate router?
no router. just modem. for adsl i configured it with pppoeconfig
wired or wireless
what do i do to configure cable internet connection. wire
you running dual boot at all?
intead of pppoeconfig i need to use some other command. ????. no. just ubuntu. dude cable modem in ubuntu. dont know how to configure the connection. pls help
you should be able to hook it up to your eth0, log into the modem, and configure that according to your ISP's specs
they dont support linux. they r dumb
that's why I asked if you ran dual boot ;)
no. just ubuntu
tell them you need to do a 'manual setup'
they dont even know what linux is. i m telling u. isnt there a command like the pppoeconfig just for cable modems?
with the cable modem configured, Ubunto should see the net connection on eth0 and configure itself automagically
aaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
no thoughts on rpmforge-like repos for LTS releases?
rpmforge is for redhat - not ubuntu, so it's not a valid question
I said rpmforge-like
what package do you want, as in ubuntu there is no need for rpmforge type repos as the official ones pretty much cover it
python 2.7.2
what version of ubuntu
10.0.4. 10.04. I can build from source
hello, is this an appropriate channel to get some help if you're stuck with some networking problems on your ubuntu box?
depends, try us?
cool, thanks. when I go "curl [URL]" I get connection refused on localhost port 8080. also get connection refused when using python's request lib
see if the http_proxy env var is set, 'echo $http_proxy'
browser works, ping works. I checked DNS, disabled firewalls and proxies.  I get 'localhost:8080'
Any ideas on why my atheros wireless card doesn't even show up in network admin?
Does anybody know? This seems like it should be simple. I need to stop my ubuntu machine from going to sleep due to inactivity
Why can't I switch into 2 different languages in unity?
you want to type in two languages mid sentence?
I want to use Ru+En. It's ok by clicking and choose between these two from the panel, but shortkey doesn't work, short-keys are ok in other user environment!
Also: Is it normal for CPUs OC'd to show up as slower than default? such as my 2.8ghz C2D is OC'd to 3.2ghz, and shows up as 1.5ghz, but performs as expected for being OC'd.
I'm using Jaunty. Can someone tell me which package has [URL]?
This is weird.. My windows 7 installation. or rather, any another partition on my hard drive isn't being detected. and instead is showing unallocated space. What could be causing this?. I'm trying to install Windows 7 and Ubuntu ( actually, Xubuntu) side by side
does 'sudo fdisk -l' show the windows partition?
is that a question?
just loaded gutsy on a drive that used to have xp on it. now when booting all it says is GRUB and stops what am i missing?
anyone knows the follow raid-controller is running on "ubuntu-server 14.04" ? Intel RMS25CB040
do you have it already? you could try a live cd and see if it works
no - im searching a good for high-end server. this one i have had this controller
please does anyone know how to install steam in ubuntu?. using WINE
should work out of the box, don't think crossover hacked it theirselves
NTAuth... [URL]
guys can anyone please recommend a file manager for ubuntu 12.04 similar to xyplorer on windows or anyway one that shows folder sizes? thanks :)
doesn't nautilus show file sizes?
no  i don't think so but i am using ubuntu as of just few hours :)
hi! is it possible to customize the default foot menu? (i want to add and remove menu items, for example the Help and About Menus)
everything except the foot and about can be edited at applications:///
thanks! i wish i could just type that into the run dialog :-x
in the run dialog do "nautilus applications:///"
woohoo! thanks!!!
it's too bad that right-clicking on the menubar applet doesn't bring up a link to applications:/// -- would be handy
that let's me edit the applications folder but i'm more interested in editing the other itmes... like remove "Search for Files...", "Recent Documents", and "Take Screenshot"
hello. does anyone know why my SSH connection to my mom's computer would just stop working? i have no idea why. and i have her ip address right.
would someone please point me to resource/info to learn how to share a mobile internet (vodafone 3G) connection similar to ICS on Windows platform? Thanks.
Hey room, is there any easy way to 0 wipe a drive partition. Not the entire disk, just one partition on it
hi. i've got a little problem: i want to install ubuntu on my laptop, which has no dvd drive, but i only got a dvd with 5.04 on it. How can i install ubuntu on my laptop without loading large cds?
- [URL]
i have another pc with a dvd drive, and network is no problem. thanks
Hello, I have problems with my network, but it worked fine before. Is there any way to reset the network manager settings?
try sudo dpkg-reconfigure network-manager
what did 'sudo dpkg-reconfigure network-manager' do anyway? Didn't get any output from it
what is the /usr dir used for?. Files which are shared by all user?
ugh. why is ubuntu install trying to write grub onto my flashdrive mbr. i guess i can just run grub-install on the proper drive after the installation completes?
it happens use the something else option on install placement you can point grub there.
oh ok
a thimb will sometime end up being the sda.. thumb
got it, thanks
im getting " a problem occurred while checking for updates" nearly every single time i check. thats all though, no problems applying them, but how do i flush the repos completely, and redownload them
@ - does it say something is locked when you click on details after it fails?
no it doenst
have you tried killing any applications that might be using Apt?
how would i do thwt
try killall -w aptget
no process found
guys i need help please!! my wifi card has issues on ubuntu! sometimes it used to work when i restart my pc, now i installed a driver that i found online, and after installing it and rebooting there is no wifi at all! in the connection settings there is no wifi at all!!. please help
you want to revert to previous conf or solve the current?
what is that and how do i do it? im a newbe
I'm trying beryl and compiz, but neither works, the window decorations disappear, how do I fix that.
I just don't get why crossover is better. easier?. How so?
I just mounted a new drive and there is a "lost+found" dir there.. what is that?
if i am running server 12.04LTS and i swap out the mobo and cpu, will i have to reinstall?
any one familiar with dvd:rip?. Id like to use a network drive for the source dvd?. anyone?
just to confirm...if I do the gksu "sh /cdrom/cdromupgrade" using teh 6.10 RC CD I downloaded a couple days ago. That will do the entire upgrade? Does it also change teh [URL]st?
i want to play more than one sound per time...how i can do it? eg: if a music is playing on xmms and i execute "play abc.wav", the sound abc.wav is played AFTER i stop the music on xmms (or the music finishes)
are you using Hoary or Breezy?
crakrjak, 5.04. ops.  5.04
Is anyone experiencing slow performance, when resizing windows?
Where can i swtich my current MPM for apache2 ?. I wanna move from event to worker mpm
what is the difference between tar -cjvp [URL]2 file and bzip2 file?
verbosity? :-p
no, because i was doing it for a man page and the man utility will not work with the tar -cvjf
strange... very strange, you probably won't get much help in here though, for more command line oriented things I generally go to #bash (alot of jerks will say it's not a bash question, which it really isn't, but the right people to answer are in there) or ##linux
haha. ya. thanx
is there a utility to duplicate hard disks. is there a utility to duplicate hard disks. sorry
So I'm giving up on the temp sensor thing for now. HWE kernel is installed and working with nvidia prop drivers. I can live without the cpu temp for now. but I do want to figure out why grub menu has this black overlay... because as it stands, I can do nothing but wait for grub to boot the default option
I'm putting Ubuntu onto my piece and I'm getting error 15. wat do
grub error 15 ? re-install grub from a live cd
>live CD. Don't have that or a CD ROM. I dl'd it all
usb ?
idk why that'd be necessary, it clais it can do it from C: just the same. *claims. But I did that. Here's what google turned up: [URL]
what claims can do what from c: ?
Install Ubuntu. Let me find the name of it. I think it's Unetbtin,
so again, can that box boot from usb ?
It can, but I think it's unnecessary. I don't have an extra flashdrive to spare for this. UNetbootin is its full name
if you need to repair grub, you have to chroot from another sys, the tut you gave is from 2009, grub1, now grub2 is in use.  unetbootin is a tool to boot from usb, yes.  so if you can't boot a cd, you can make a bootable flashdrive, and with c: I assume you talk from a windows box, wherefor unetbootin is also available
Well, I've uninstalled and reinstalled it before,  and that didn't help. ya that's what I'm trying to do
sound debugging advice please?. I've gone through ubuntu sound troubleshooting wiki pages and my sound card is configured, yet I still have no sound. Could someone please offer some advice?
keyseir: type of sound card, setup?
"02:0a.1 Input device controller: Creative Labs SB Live! MIDI/Game Port (rev 05)"
keyseir: are you using the digital output on the card?
It worked fine before I reinstalled edgy, but now I'm not getting any sound..  Digital output?
keyseir: single cable going from sound card to an amp of sorts, then to a bunch of speakers
No. I've only got it hooked up to a set of speakers... and I've checked the speakers
how can i make my mic work?. argh
check that you have it all set up correctly?
i enabled it on kmix. what other should i set up?
are there any switches that might be off? Is it plugged in the right spot?.  is the mic still muted?
yeah i think so *checking is it plugged on the comp" no it's not muted. but it just not works!
does it definitely work?
yes, it works on winboze, but not on linux
Morning! On artful, I cannot login using gnome/wayland, only gnome/Xorg. What gives? How do I even report this?
don't you get the option to login to the wayland session, does it fail or what happens?
Its just that wayland crashes and bring me back to GDM, the login screen.. COmmand line is fine. Xorg i fine..  wayland crashes.
i don't know where wayland errors are logged, tbh, have you tried looking at logs?
dusasse: I am quite lost. Nothing obvious in the logs, nothing in /var/crashes
i don't know what else to suggest, sorry. what kind of gpu and which driver is this on?
I am not such, it is a 2012 Mac Mini with a 4K screen, which I guess is a but unusual..  *sure.  FOUND some interestiung stuff in syslog: "[URL]sktop[1789]: Cannot open display:"
they use amd gpus afaik, so probably the radeon driver. you can check with 'lspci -k', check 'kernel driver in use' under VGA controller
the display has no name.  i915
ok, so intel, not amd
It worked for a few days when artful was new, and then it stopped. Wierd.
could be a driver regression, hard to say
After a good few failure messages, it goes "gnome-session-binary[1734]: CRITICAL: We failed, but the fail whale is dead. Sorry....".  Can this be of interest? "udev-acl.ck[1728]: g_slice_set_config: assertion 'sys_page_size == 0' failed" ?
some posts i found online seem to indicate this could be a problem in gdm or gnome-settings-daemon....  you could file a bug against gnome-settings-daemon, since that's what throws the "cannot open display" error
The first "cannot open display" is from gnome-screensav, actually.
so, it could be gdm that fails to start wayland. i'm just guessing, though.
should I throw the log onto termbin for you to see?.  look here: [URL]  What about THIS during boot? : "[ 17.542201] wl: module verification failed: signature and/or required key missing - tainting kernel" ???
guys, what sound system does Ubuntu 10.10 use? I have programs that are actively pushing out working sound, yet I see no pulseaudio daemon running....
it is PulseAudio.
so if there's no daemon running, how are these apps still making sounds?
try running it in the console manually..  like I do know
yeah, that works. I can then control volume, etc. I'm just surprised that the apps were still able to play sounds without the daemon running. what is pulseaudio's equivalent of /dev/dsp, if there is one?
we still have alsa!.  none.
so they fall back to alsa if pulse isn't running?
what do i need to install so my network manager auto find wifi availables?
It should already by default
i installed minimal ubuntu
Do you have nm-applet and NetworkManager running?
how do i knw if i have both running?. i have nm-connection in zombie mode
Check the output of ps ax. You can use grep to narrow it down, for example: ps ax|grep NetworkManager
nm-applet sleeping
Does iwconfig show an interface for your wifi card?
22758 pts/0 S+ 0:00 grep --color=auto NetworkManager.  this is my wifi eth1 IEEE 802.11bg ESSID:"punk". it found it as eth1 instead of wlan0
Hi. ssh uses my /etc/host file as god intended, but none of my browsers do. Why? (I've flushed the cache, turned off proxies, etc.)
Can I use gnomebaker for burning ripped dvd's?. I don't see any videomode option in it. or do i need to use the data mode option
Does anyone know how to get the latest version of Ubuntu to recognize a Dell Inspiron 1525 wireless card, if the previous version does?
-> what chip does yours have?
I'm not sure, and using lspci -v | less doesn help
hey guys, i just apt-get install libdvdcss2 like the ubuntu guide told me to do to get DVD playback.. it installed fine.. but i can find where libdvdcss2 is?. or is that not even an app at all?
I've this amazing problem where df -h shows 99% disk usage but df -i shows more than 80% inode free. What could be the possible problem?
You have very large files taking up your disk space.
why would then du -sh show just show actual disk space usage?. I did du -sh /
Is it not the same as df's result?
nope. That's what I can't understand. I don't know maybe possible disk failure?
to make a file read only do i change the permissions for owner, group and others to list files?
read only even for yourself?
yes
chmod a-r file
ty :)
so is it safe to add debian apt sources to ubuntu?. like I would like eric3 (a python IDE ) but its not in warty
hello everyone is anyone haveing random crashes useing compiz? or just random crashing launching programs since upgradeing to 12.4 lts?. hello everyone is anyone haveing random crashes useing compiz? or just random crashing launching programs since upgradeing to 12.4 lts?
how do i get into my root asccount in ubuntu?
Heya, I tried to install Xgl as said in the wiki. As I did the "ln -sf /usr/bin/Xgl /etc/X11/X" and rebooted, X wouldn't start back up. What do I do?
log in on a console (Ctrl-Alt-F1), run 'sudo ln -sf /usr/bin/Xorg /etc/X11/X ; sudo /etc/init.d/gdm restart'
I don't have to do the restart, X and gdm can't start. Using kdm btw. But, okay, thanks :)
who said anything about restart?.  have you relinked Xorg?
Doesn't /etc/init.d/gdm restart' reboot?
no, it doesn't. Have you fixed it?
Relinked? Please come again.. Thanks so much for the help!. No, not yet. I have to get all the help I can get and go 7 floors up to my computer and try to fix it
switch to a text console to login, bypassing X, which doesn't work. To do this, hit Ctrl-Alt-F1
Ok
I have 32 bit 8.10, is it worth upgrading to 64bit? I do lots of 3d modelling and rendering.
i just installed a lite on cdrom, cant get it to show up anywhere, any tips?
SATA or IDE?
ide
NTFS formatted external usb drive (usb only), worked yesterday and doesn't today. Mounts correctly and df shows that there is X used/available correctly but 'ls -la /mnt' showx 0 files. I remounted now and I see '.Trash-1000' with some deleted items. WHAT is going on here?
look into 'disks' for smart info, but not all usb controllers pass-through smart info :-(
Disk is OK, 2 bad sectors (23 <unconvertable> C / 73 <unconvertable> F) - Is this it?
jups
The 2 bad sectors can make the files not show up? Will fscking it do the trick?
depends where, if they are in the mbr, you have a problem
ntfsfix was clean - NTFS partition /dev/sda1 was processed successfully- Still the disk only shows the trash dir... Advice?
when i right click i see the menu, but i'd like to see it at the top and bottom on my screen as default
how can i solve this problem of compilation? [URL]
hi. i need help with Xfce OpenOffice. can anyone help me please?. someone?. can anyone help me?. I installed xubuntu desktop on ubuntu. and the OO has no icons in it!. how can i fix that?
i totally need help with this issue. was doing some things on firefox and then it froze, could move my mouse but couldn't click on anything, this happened once before, but this issue is different, did a manual restart on my pc and i get at the read disc part of the boot up it says disc full then has a prompt with grub return. can anyone help me please?
hello what is a linux dc++ program that searches in all hubs for files?
I was trying to clean up my /boot DIR but I think I may have deleted more than I wanted. How can I ensure that I have the most current grub installed before I reboot and find myself with a dead system... BTW I am backing the system up right now just in case
type dpkg -l | grep grub
Thanks, I have the output of that, I don't know what I am looking at/for should i pastbin it for you?
ok
[URL]
hi, I'm having an issue. df -h states that my / is 100% full on about 220GB of hard disk. I'm unable to understand where are the files thare occupying the hard disk. If i do du -sh / the total is less than 120GB........ thanks for the help
Show us..  df
[URL]
Hi all im just wondering when im at work how do i connect through remote desktop to this computer? its jsut that this computer is running through a router so ip address is 10.0.0.2 or something like that how would i connect directly to this computer?
hey guys i have Intel GMA X3100 Graphics but the compiz do not work any help
I believe x3100 is blacklisted due to the problem with video playback when compiz is enabled
so i can not work with compiz
you can still run it.  but its not gonna be all that stable.  hang on
ok
how do I copy the contents of .bin files into a CD?
Is there a ISO spin of the feisty 7.04 yet?
gnome desktop clock breaks system, any ideas?
define breaks
<> if i click on the clock to bring up the calendar it totaly freezez both panels
ok thats more info which is good
<> they arent entirely frozen, like they will blink if something makes a change, but i cant click them
i dont use it but i'll have awebsearch
<> and i really enjoy having a clock
Hi guys! I'm trying to mount an external usb disk, lsusb sees it, but fdisk not. Do I lack any package installed? thank you!
Is there anyone around with a p5ql motherboard?
i have a p5b but i bought a p5ql for one of my kids
and do you know how to enable the sound?
i don't know what she did other than set everything to default (pulse) i think and she has no problems. !ru
strange..
she does have 8.04 not 8.10
and probably x32
yes
then i'll do it without any sound, I don't want to switch to x32
i warned her about 64 bits...i've seen a lot of people complaining
i am prime searching, my 4 cores always 100%, x32 is not string enough$
what packages do i need to have installed ?
you do. what command did you use to mount it?
mate , you cant mount something that isnt in /dev/ and hda1 or hda2 are simply not there
didn't fdisk -l just show them?
it did, which puzzles me.
I've got a problem with gksudo, it doesn't ask for a password but comes up with "Unable to copy the user's Xauthorization file". Anyone know any fixes for this (I've tried sudo -k)
chown youruser:youruser .Xauthority.  you will need to sudo that, I expect
Doesn't exist
it does : ~/.Xauthority.  it's in your home dir ( note the dot)
ls -a doesn't show it.  My bad, damn caps
ls -al ~/.Xauthority. it probably has root:root currently
done it, says it's mine, still nothing
ls -al .ICEauthority
also mine
SWEET. gparted isnt opening.. guys. why is gparted such a brat.. SO many releases now gparted has been farting around to open properly
the app or the livecd?
the app. whether I open via gui, terminal, you name it.
what are you trying to do ?
well, I'm trying to open gparted....... that;s it. just open it.. I want to launch gparted and utilize it.. it seems to be random. I shouldnt have to use a livecd to format a flash drive. I just shouldnt
you can't resize or do much with it on the drive you're using ,
I really hate to sound like this, but what is it thats misunderstood? I'm trying to OPEN gparted. Period..  I know what I'm doing from there. I just need to open it.
why is my /bin/sh a link to /bin/dash?
wmi is hard to use with multiwindow apps like gimp
i have dialup, shared to a wired/wireless access point, but everyone connects on the far side of the router so i can't access anything on their computers
can anyone please help me find out if my mobo raid is fake raid or real hardware raid? here are my system specs, including the mobo: [URL]
it's fake.  your LSI pci card may not be though
I don't have the pci card, I want a sata raid, and the mobo manual actually says that the PCI card is only for SAS raid and that the mobo should be used for SATA raid.  still sure it's fake raid?
yup
can you please tell me why? :0
how can I set an automatic download if a new CircleMagazine appears?
Are you talking about the Full Circle Magazine issues?
yes
hi is there any way to set the internal screen of a laptop to 1280x800 while the external is set to be 1920x1200, BOTH showing the whole screen??
Has anyone found a solution to disabling "Recent Documents"?
never open any documents?
LOL.  So you really don't have an answer?
I lookd but cant seem to find any place where its storing that information
It's been driving me nuts since install.
if your in unity, try switching to clasic and clearing it out the old fashioned way
I didn't like Unity so I switched back to classic. It doesn't work like it used to
gnome3 here :) I have no idea
Is gnome3 working?
its unsupported
Ok, I may try it on my test laptop. I don't like Unity at all
Is there a way to convert a folder full of png files to jpeg rapidly?
use imagemagick ?.  cd directory ; for f in *.png; do convert "$f" "${f%.png}".jpeg; done.  check manpage for more options if you need them
bashscript?
bash command line
i get a permission denied.  can i do sudo cd directory ; for f in *.png; do convert "$f" "${f%.png}".jpeg; done ?
do you have writte permissions on the directory ?
no i dont. its in /var/www
where is this dir located?.  you can not do <unconvertable> sudo cd <unconvertable> cd is not a command. nor is for.  do <unconvertable> sudo -i <unconvertable> and use that shell
mm ok, so what is the final command?
hi guys. does anyone know the recommended approach to upgrading apache in 10.04 LTS?
ok, who here can help me understand the xserver so i can add a monitor and stretch my desktop over two monitors?
Anyone use LastPass and YubiKey NEO on Ubuntu?. was debating on getting one
For what?
password management
I'm trying to install linux-image-2.6.12-10-686-smp but its not found am i missing a repo?. I have 2 pentium III processors but only one is being used
hi all. i'm trying to setup permissions using setfacl in the cache folder of my webapp so that files created either by my user or the webserver can be written and deleted both by my user and the webserver. however, when the webserver creates a new file, getfacl overwrites some permissions and instead of having "rwx", there's a comment stating "#effective:r-x" - preventing me from deleting the file. anyone an idea. where the #effective part comes from?
what version of ubuntu are you using ?
just a second.  10.04 lucis. *lucid
Hi. does iphones work with ubuntu?
in what way?
uplaod music to my phone
!gdata. !python-gdata. mmmkay. can anyone tell me how to use python-gdata ?. the bug database has a supposed fix for the problem I'm experiencing, but noone seems to bother to put the fix in the ubuntu package
How to detect ubuntu os is Desktop or server i'm used dpkg --list | grep ubuntu-desktop is there any better way to do this?
does not matter only diffrence is the set of defult packages.  and server normaly has no ui included
i know that but i'm making script to install ffmpeg & node.js so enduser can easily install this packages and as per ffmpeg guide they have some different packages for the server and desktop so i'm thinking to install only needed packages for the servers and desktop
the user cant run apt-get install ffmpeg?
we needed some custom features not all the features of ffmpeg so i needed those features only
How do I improve the VNC performance over my network. I've simply enabled Desktop sharing and it's lagging alot.
what are you doing on the remote system?.  what OS is the client and the server?
Server is Ubuntu 13.10 and client is Win 7
what do you do on the remote system?
Server is Ubuntu 13.10 and client is Win 7
why do you connect using VNC? What do you do on the remote system?
No terminal access, just GUI atm..  It's just so I can manage it without having to be in the same building as it, it's over a gigabit network (With over 500mbps throughput) and it's performance is very poor.
manage in what way? Updates?
Updates, ensure Web server is still on..  And just generally change settings and config the machine - kind of just doing everything.
hi, I have the latest version of flash player installed on the latest version of firefox, but my flash movie playback is just awful [ very low framerate ]....anyone any clues?
When you click in a flash movie settings pop up. Try adjusting them
> i just get the "enable hardware acceleration option" were other options supposed to have been there?
does anybody know why when i convert MP3's to wav's using mpg321 and then trying to burn them cdrdao tells me the headers are corrupted?. i havent had problems with any of my other mp3's
use mp3burn
ive converted and burned at least 3 cd's, the same exact way. never had any problems. mp3burn doesn't like me
what do i need for programming with gtk+?
what language do you want to program in
i think c?
IceCrew, ruby, python, c?. IceCrew, well if you plan to submit packages to ubuntu, canonical prefers you submit python based packages
is python difficult?
hey what is a good program to use for writing c++?
dozens of IDE's and text editors out for that. !info geany | Haseo.  see 'geany'
Dr-Willis: yeah haha i was wondering if one stood out as the best. i saw a bunch
it all depends on yur needs and the details
something that will be simple and clean, i just use c++ for my programming classes
Anyone ever use bluetooth in linux
yup
using what program'
depends on the application? I only used file-transfer with my mobile-phone.
im trying to connect my mobile phone to
hi everybody - does somebody have a script to connect wifi over CLI
Dumb question. I just built xchat 2.8.8 but I think is all in a folder on my desktop. Where should the folder be in the Ubuntu file structure?. I's like to move it
start over, use checkinstall this time. it will make a .deb package
>> Huh?. >> re-make it?
install the package called "checkinstall" and run it instead of "sudo make install" when you recompile it
>> sudo spt-get checkinstall?
sudo aptitude -y install checkinstall
>> What the heck is "sudo aptitude -y install checkinstall" doing in Intrepid?
how can i find out what the heck is holding onto my audio card?
are you using Skype by any chance??
no
any other multimedia apps runing evan a web based audio plugin?
nope
onboard audio card or add in audio card?
onboard
only one audio card no addins aside from onboard?
right
what about a VOIP add in (usb or ethernet ip phone?)
nothing like that
what version of ubuntu?
dapper
hmm im having trouble installing msttcorefonts. E: Package msttcorefonts has no installation candidate
enable multiverse repo
i did :(
hi, how can I put full screen game?. this application exist in ubuntu?
what is the best way to take over a desktop from another ubuntu pc?
I just use VNC.
if I remember correctly there is a build in one in ubuntu however I don't recall the name?
along with iasha's problem,after I hibernate, I lose wifi capabilities. I don't have any of the graphics issues though.
is this on a macbook?
no, dell laptop
ah but that's a bit different. my issue is cross-OS, sleeps in one, resumes into a different one
that's an almost funny problem
I know :P. But I'm guessing the issue is somewhere on the boot record? idk, I have deactivated hibernation in Ubuntu, and on OS X it just does it by itself after a few hours on battery
i'm sure you can disable it in OSX as well.  but that's just a bandais
yeah that's the issue, if I don't use it for a few hours, I loose all my open tabs and stuff, I have to reboot it and work without internet
in the meantime though you can certainly disable hibernation in OSX and you can at least keep your work
can somebody help me to install my video card ASUS ATI no just ATI
geez i'm downloading the nvidia binary drivers and now this is the 15th retry! :D
dont use them, use the ubuntu package
I can't enable coolbits with the ubuntu package no matter what I do
how do I disable desktop-effects from bash?
'o. 'im using screencloud and like it except it takes allways about 10%CPU. and sometime that's too much. idont use upload options nor check for updates
what cpu grunt do you have?
i have a intel core 2 duo 2Ghz. pavilion dv6 1330sf
10% is pretty reasonable, is it full screen?
no it does nothing : just waits for hotkey to call him for a screen capture. it should be 0% . (or about). imho
hi all. is it ok to delete /var/log/syslog?
jeez
?
not unless you have to
what happens if I delete it?
why do you want to remove the log file?.  you lose information about your system
thats OK, but it doesnt break anything if I delete it?. I want to remove it because it is 396MB big
repeat; why? :-)
^^
Still trying to find my added games in the games menu. I tried the Main Menu editor but dont see anything. I tried enabling the Debian sub-menu but it keeps unchecking.
[URL]
ty checking that out.  404
ubuntu geek gives pretty decent advice.  google search for: add to gnome menu and hit i'm feeling lucky
ty. interesting that accessing it that way works better than from the System > Preferences > Main Menu item. that seems buggy.  i take it back. neither work. keeps unchecking Debian menu
ok i got an issue after about 20 mins of running my ubuntu jsut stops screen goes black and the little white spinning thing is there it stops and i have to do a hard reboot any ideas, im new to ubuntu but not new to pc's
are there any PC-based oscilloscopes in kubuntu/ubuntu?
hmm... im failing =). i just wanna be able to /exec -o hddtemp /dev/hdb
you could add yourself to the group 'disk'.  that would be a security problem though, you'd be able to e.g. zero-write your disks accidently.
hawke u mean i could type wrong command for say like fdisk -and-fuck-it-up ?
exactly..  you could also add to /etc/sudoers:  root = NOPASSWD: /usr/bin/hddtemp
hawke, can i create a script? that i can /exec -o to? and script does a sudo with password and voila?
How do I sandbox In ubunut?
Hi, i seem to be having a problem with Java. I have both Java Runtime and the Browser Plugin installed, but whenever i come across a site with Java in it Firefox says i dont have Java installed. Anyone know how to fix this?
<unconvertable> : Let's start by taking a look at things from Firefox's point of view.
ok, what do i do?
<unconvertable>  First, type about:config into firefox.
alright
<unconvertable>  In the filter, type plugin_expose_full_path or something like that.. <unconvertable>  When you find it, double click it to make it true.
i searched "plugin_expose_full_path" and got nothing
<unconvertable>  k, then just search for fullpath
its set to false
ok i uninstalled apache but now when reinstalling it with apt-get i dont have apache2 in /etc. what can i do if i dont have a /etc/apache2?
When I Suspend to RAM and then resume... the system starts but monitor remains off what to do?
I updated to 11.04 and my nvidia driver on my dell d630 won't work. I can get command line, but no GUI. anyone have ideas?
welcome to my world.... same here
NOO!!!!!. :).  did that work?
I am trying to create and format a partition; gParted says that it is already in use by the system. It's not in fstab. How can I find out what's going on?
what's so special about xfs?
<unconvertable> does anyone know of a touchscreen calibration tool that works in Linux?. UNooble- how what is the signal strength?
the signal is around 50%, the same as in XP. I never had any problems there
hmm. you completely lose connection? or the download stops?
It came to my attention that there is one that says: (hd1,2). Should I live it as it is ?
Is it normal to have to things listed underneath your wireless card (one called WLAN device, one called Unknown device)?
not to me
does this mean it doesn't recognize my card? Its a DWL-G520, supposedly supported by 6.10
if it is a wireless card, it looks like it is detected..  the unknown device is just theat unknown
okay. but the unkown device has grabbed the device name wifi0. So, when I try to set up my wifi in the networking app, it's setting it up for wifi0 (the unknown device)
does it just list the unknown device, or does it list other devices in iwconfig?
it lists two devices in iwconfig: the unknown one, and the WLAN one (wifi0 and ath0, respectively)
I'd try to work with the ath0 one then, and see what happens
Okay. I don't know how to set up the network using command line arguments, so I tried the networking connections tool.
are you using a encrypted network?
yes
ahh, well iwconfig is not hard to use, just man iwconfig.  you have to sudo the commands though
okay. I'll give it a try.
the problem could be the "password" thing you may have to type in the long code to get it working in linux
yeah, I've done that..  how do I attach the wireless networking extensions to the device? It says they are attached to the unknown device, but not the WLAN device.
humm, that is weird, I have no answer for it
okay. Do you know how to manually set the logical names? I would like to just switch the logical names and see if that helps.
I have a weird problem. My internal wireless network card is not found on every boot. It might show up if I reboot my machine - but not always. Is this a known bug ?. (In Dapper)
try adding pre-up sleep 5 to ifconfig
Add? How?
when i try to mount my external hdd (called "elements"), i get the error message "unable to mount elements - not authorized".. i'm using 10.4. i can mount it as root. when i go to properties, it seems te be owned by "root"
you need to add yourself to the fuse group
how do i add myself to the fuse group
Is there a way to run X apps remotely from a windows XP machine?
I believe puTTY is for that
I can get puTTY to work for command line functions, but not for X apps
how are you accessing the cmd line?
ssh session
put ssh -X <user@address>.  put ssh -X <user@address>
it does not allow that. It starts up with a gui interface.
I'm just guessing with what I do with my Linux boxen
yup, got you.  me too
lol. doesnt it say on their site?
not really
useful...
I'm sure there is a way. It does have a place for a display location.  I have no idea what that means
i use quanta plus with apache and when i save the quanta files i save them in /var/www/ and i was under the assumption that once that was done it would show up...ie i put in localhost and see nothing but the apache folder open it and all it says is " Its Working!" what am i doing wrong???
how do you find the network connection speed from a command line?
newbie question here ... for some reason FF can't open httpS website ...
go to the advanced tab in firefox preferences
ok
hello. im trying to run a server. but bat files dont run in linux?
can someone help me playing back wmv files on the desktop?. i already nstalled w32 codecs and it still doesnt work
how can i tell what video card i have?. lspci ?
sudo lshw -C video
once i know the driver, how do i update it?
have you looked at System>Administration>Hardware Drivers?
you can update from there?
no, its used to access internet service trough a gsm network, like from a cellphone if you will, only from a computer
Help regarding custom keyboard shortcuts. I want to set for "firefox -P RevS -no-remote" (ie., firefox with custom profile). It works but not persistent. ie., it didn't work after reboot. Any other way to do this ??
need help with sound on p5w dh deluxe - someone can help me?
What does 'lspci | grep -i audio' return in a terminal?
@ - qry=
I get the I/o errors right after the uniform cd-rom driver Revision: 3.20 pops up.
did you verify the media?
which media? the cd?
hello, how do i set libre office to get automatic updates for bugs?
when I install apache and try to runa php file. it ask me to download it in the browser why. I install php5 and mysql
when i do 'make xconfig' in a kernel directory i get "/usr/include/wchar.h:345: error: __extern_inline does not name a type". anybody know what that means
hey all, still having trouble w/ lm-sensors - can't get it running. I just ran sensors-detect and that worked, but my next step isn't clear. I"m not getting output to xsensors yet, so I'm going to have to do something more, I think.
Do I *have* to have a greeter like lightdm. Can't I just login and run startx? In the past, doing this hasn't worked, because the greeter seems to have some interaction with dbus that makes sound not work. Anyone else experience this?
after upgrading to feisty, I cannot get flash to work in firefox...help please??
hi. i run xubuntu but i installed libgnomevfs2-0 and bluefish and would like to browse a webdav repository...
hi folks, pls advice haw to disable beeeep when I'm shutting down ubuntu?
i did apt-get update and apt-get upgrade then restarted but i still get the message '14 packages can be updated',
Using ubuntu 9.10. If I do apt-cache showpkg banshee I get 1.5.1-1. If I do banshee --version I get Banshee 1.6 Beta 2 (1.5.1) n00b question here, are these the same?
Help; Manually installing a .jar file. Cant find help do I typically drop files into /usr/bin
How do you change screen resolution. ?
hi i just created a USB boot disk for windows, and it was done successfully, however near the end of the unetbootin installation, I read shortly something about the boot sector, then it finished. Im afraid the next boot will fail my current seup. s/seup/setup so how can one check the boot loader is still going to come up?. Ub12.04
boot up and run check disk for erros. then you'll know. *errors*
can i check while im on the pc now that grub should come up?. grub customizer is what i use now
nope. boot the usb. there error checking option is available once booted.
right, i mean the PCs grub i dont know if it got touched, and I have no other way to boot, its a USB based pc. so Im here now before that happens, finding a way to reinstall grub now.... Grub customizer works right?
is there not an AOL build for Linux?
does compiz work for anyone with fglrx 8.40?. + xgl
[URL]/ is not up....wt is going on???
Merry X-mas all Have a small prom. here for some reason everything I minimized (Firefox BeachBit vlc Audaicous etc...) closes and I can not get them back some help please with this ?
try changing your window-manager or window-decorator, just to discard an issue on them
I will try that now brb.  nope same thing happens ...
brb, going to take that cable off that computer.... i barely believe the ubuntu cerom is failing that bad... any known issue on the 10.10 installer?.  using compiz? install compiz fusuion icon and use it to fast change between window-managers and test that
ok I will try that brb
how to fix errors on add/remove applications. ?
Hello does anyone know what the package with the c dependancies is called ?
anyone here familiar with acpi and suspend/hibernate?
I'm on 11.10 on a MSI Wind U160DX. There is a small webcam on the laptop but Cheese isn't recognizing it. Any suggestions for first steps towards making it work?
i'm trying to write a ISO made with devede to a disk, but after writing i get a Blank Disk, how do I write a DVD ISO ? thanks
hi, i'd like to know if i can create a partition /home after having installed ubuntu??
Anyone else have any idea's why FLASH Audio and WINE Audio dosen't work with the new Kernel update? If someone could tell me how to downgrade back to what I had this morning that would be helpfull as well
hello, I want to be able to share my internet with a lan. eth0 -> modem eth1 - > lan. both are active and ready. anyone?
ya you can do that..
hmmn, how? o.O what do I need?
my wireless works fine in my 7.04....but the network icon...that comes by default....whitch when you click on it...you can choose betwen wired and wireless network...and you can see all the wireless networks...well..the icon is still there...but i can't see wireless anymore there...just wired...anybody knows ?????
what does it tell you when you do a iwlist wlan0 scan ?. paper or plastic ? :)
Interface doesn't support scanning..  wlan0 nor ath0
how can i prevent memory leaks in ubuntu 14 server
you'll need to provide more detail. What application? Or is it system-wide perhaps? Basically, how do you know there's a memleak?
free99. it's minecraft is the only thing i have running
so it's running on... openjdk or something right? Sorry I don't know a lot about minecraft
system is a proliant server ml110 g6. yea. jdk headless
well... how do you know there's a leak? System eventually starts saying it's out of memory?
yes. looking at the logs. i see that a memory leak is detected before it has a kernal panic
if you can get some of the logs on pastebin I might be able to uncover something. make sure whatever you're pasting doesn't have sensitive info in it though. p.s. can someone help me with my kernel issue?
[URL] free99. there u go i took the last bit of the log
what happened to #ubuntu+1. ?
what directory do you list alias's for user defined bash commands?
Hello. How can I unmount a usb drive w/o losing the device node?
sudo umount /dev/sdz500, no?
and as user?
Uuuuuuh... Not sure how nautilus really mounts devices nowadays....  As far as I recall, right-click the device in Nautilus and choose "Unmount"
The context menu in Nautilus only offers something Id translate to eject and <unconvertable> remove safely.
Eh... Well... uh... Try them both and see which it is
Already did that. And then the device node /dev/sdX was gone..  In both cases.
I am in the market for a new graphics card. i dual boot with windows to play games. Any recommendations? Nvidia or AMD?
this is support, you would get opinions not really worth much as opinions are
well at the very least do you know which on has better support. I hear currently nvidia has better drivers upport BUT AMD is workingto provide oprnsource drivers?
Not really, I just use my computers for basic stuff.
ah
is it possible to downgrade from Ubuntu 9.04 to 8. is it possible to downgrade from Ubuntu 9.04 to 8.04 LTS ??
still have issues with permitions at /var/www after add user to root and/or www-data group. is this the correct command to check folder users/groups ls -l /var/www
and did you log back in after adding yourself to www-data?
logout and back ip? no. in*
that recognises the group change
ok i will try that now thanks again
so you are still not in the groups you added ('groups' will confirm this)
i can see my self in those goups
heeeelp. i get FATAL: Module snd_seq_oss not found.
I get that error too when typing "modprobe snd_seq_oss", that is normal
how can i get it working?
looks like you are using an old tutorial. What are exactly trying to do?
install tuxguitar
installing it or using it?
install then use.  if i start it i get /dev/sequencer: No such file or directory
I get the same error, its irrelevant. Could it be, that tuxguitar is working properly but you just don't get sound?
well, the whole point of tuxguitar is to get sound, otherwise it's useless, every once in a while instalation succeds and i get working sound but i don't know why it wont work now.  i'm pretty sure it has something to do with the missing modules
I dont think so, that issue is usual and also happens to me on every new computer. Start tuxguitar, go in the tuxguitar settings and tell me your settings under "Sound"
tuxguitar sequencer (should have real sequencer in there), midi through port (should have java sequencer in there)
"should have"? you are confusing me
when tuxguitar works, those options are available, the java sound sequencer is included in the installation files, if i run the exact same binaries in puppy linux the real time and java options are available
so you can't even start tuxguitar?
i can, but the sound doesn't work
so "tuxguitar-jsa" is installed? Under Midi Port I got the option "Gervill" (I think thats the java thing) which is working fine
gervill is not java sound sequencer.  and i don't even have gervil on my installation
so? I don't have any package called Gervill too, but it is working
i found gervil but if i run it i get error "midi system unavailable".  [URL]und.midi.MidiUnavailableException: Can not open line
Hello. Im having a phone that has audio in the AMR format. I want to know how to get the AMR plugin because movie player cant play it
how i unmaximize gaim from gnome tray?. how i unmaximize gaim from gnome tray? i looking for keyboard shortcut for this
how can I configure my ubuntu to use a german keyboard layout (Y<=>Z) etc? endless googling didnt help :S
How can i get the sound output and microphone port to work on my laptop?
snd_hda_intel? It seems like there are issues a'plenty with that module.. At least I know _I_ have issues.
no, its a nvidia based laptop
The SOUND chip.
nvidia + amd. oh um
has anyone come across a problem when rhythmbox doesn't want to open playlist files while accessing them from other applications (e.g firefox)
anyone have any idea why dvd's wont read on my drive.. but cd's will.. same drive mind you... and everything as far as i can tell understands that it is a dvd drive?
maybe it's a CDR ?
frogz: haha.. nah in windows it works fine..
can anyone point me to a link on how to use ndswrapper on a wireless card?
^^
thanks
np, I've spent the last 3 days getting my damned wireless usb device up and running... so lemme know if those aren't helpful
I have airlink that I have never had luck with on linux. it will show the wireless acess points, but never really conect
which one specifically?
it looks like a thumb driver. I will give you the serial number... .  AWLL3026
Have you tried looking up to see if theres a different driver for it?
It shows it on my network settings, how can I tell if it is connected?.  no, I am fairly new with linux
You say you can see wireless networks in your network settings?
wireless connection
The Ubuntu wiki page says it should work out of the box, so, you might want to make sure that when you open 'Network' you enable the wirless device, and disable all others.  'activate' rather
okay, so I will uncheck the wired connection and see if I get a connection
ok.  [URL] <- this might help too if that doesn't work
test. yeah, didnt really work...  where did you see that it would work right out of the box?
see your PM
I can't see a pm
type /msg  test
I don't have a seperate window with you in there .  I am using xchat
In your Networking menu can you see any networks on the drop down list?
no.  No.  I assume you mean the ssid
how to install the software download from internet?
depends what it is
<unconvertable> is "mol(mac on linux"
Trying to get a SiS 82C204 to work right. Ubuntu's GDM won't start by default.. Detects everything perfectly though, just doesn't load
I right-clicked a .iso and popped a CD-R in my burner, but "Write to Disc" states "No disc available, Please replace the disc with a supported CD or DVD." What could be wrong?
lewoco: Are you sure the drive is a burner, are you sure the medium wasn't already burned?
100% sure on both counts. I burnt a CD with the burner half an hour ago using media from the same reel as the current disc in the drive.
lewoco: do you have two drives (maybe it's looking at the other one?)
Only 1 CD drive
lewoco, bad CD?
I tried a second CD, no difference.
Can anyone help me resolve unmet dependencies with gnome-panel?
I'm doing an alternate install and my machine currently is text only. Will `apt-get install kde` get me up and running with X.Org?
how do i find out my driver version for my wireless card please. anyone
When I hold either shift button or CTRL button and try to use my mouse to select multiple items in a list (in all applications), the mouse will freeze until i release the shift or CTRL key. So I can't select anything on the list. My system doesn't freeze, just the mouse. Suggestions?
check this, check to see if DOS emulation for USB is enabled. mine was and it messed everything up
where can I find that?
hi all. ubuntu vm will /etc/fstab in resume state.??. becoz facing issue in mounting network using /etc/fstab in vm resume. **mounting san. i am mounting san lun in my ubuntu VM using fstab, i halted the vm and started it, but i am unable to find the networkfolder
you need to remount it.  or throw it into automounter and have it mounted on demand
but /etc/fstab i mentioned the uuid and location
if it's a san mount. you're going to lose it when you suspend the vm and it comes down. resume won't remount it
ty what about NFS.?
you're going to have the same issue..  [URL]
i need to do manually any option to automate.?.  ty dude. this is the one i am looking for
no problem
if i configure with autofs resume operation also it will mount, whenever i access it
it should..  obviously your network needs to be up and the host available
nice dude and ty.. host means SAN or NFS.?
is there a comand that show all mount drivers?
drivers or drives? to show all mounted drives "mount"
mount points
can you make the launcher stay hidden by default? and only appear when you reach the edge/click ubuntu logo?
Hello, good day, my speaker icon disapeared, and my running applications icon's disapeared also. Rythmbox used to be right there on the right corner of my apps, places, and system panel. but now gone
try right clicking on the panel and select "Add to panel" and add a Notification area
nothing
can anyone please help me with my wifi issues. Since upgrading to 10.10 I have had it working temporarily. but it keeps coming and going.
on Netbook? whats your Wifi chip?
it has worked on this hardware fo the last few releases no problems without any special intervention, usually just works out the box.  yes netbook.....  Network controller: Realtek Semiconductor Co., Ltd. RTL8192E Wireless LAN Controller (rev 01)
are you having Atheros? linux module ath9-? ?k?m ?
not sure what you mean?
type "lsmod" in terminal.  or "lsmod | grep ath"
no ath*
then it looks like a messy driver for wifi in 10.10 like the "ath9", what is your WiFi config? A, B, G?
hmm again, i am unsure what you mean by A, B, G sorry
if in apt-get install kubuntu-desktop will it keep all my settings icons etc.  you still there?
yeah
if i apt-get install kubuntu-desktop will kt keep all my icon settings etc.. or is it just better to wipe the partition out and start from kubuntu install ?
I have a USB modem and it is well detected....how should i proceed to connect to ninternet.It is a Dial up
if you are on gnome, double click the network icon on the tray anda window will pop up. Select ppp connection from there and i suppose you know the rest
it is not showing there
does not show ppp connection?? what connections does it have?
its ppp
will xubuntu work fine with an apache LAMP server?
Anyone know a better method of speeding up HDDs apart from SSD cache or RAID 0?
dropping them from a 60 storey sky-scraper?
What a great idea. SSD cache documentation for bcache is frying my brain. Hence why I'm looking for other solutions
:) ... seriously, what kind of speed do you want that ssd can't provide? put them on a faster controller?
I want better speeds on HDDs but without buying SSDs. Mainly due to the cost difference as my budget is severely limited. Because I have a 128gb RAM machine but HDDs normally would completely die under the load
I have the same here
I use HDDs on a 72gb machine but fear 128gb would just be too far
Well, how about running some stuff from a ramdisk?
I could.. although thing is I ideally need to use all the RAM on the box.
clone the ramdisk from a HDD at boot... sync it back out at shutdown
A RAM disk though obviously uses RAM though doesn't it?
OK, well, fast controllers and multipath disks then
Yeah... As in different RAID options?. E.g. RAID 10?
If you want fast disks, but 10 disks in a stripe_mirror array on fast multi-path controllers
Hmm.. I wouldn't want quite as many as 10 disks as I could just buy SSDs then.. hmm. In reality I only need 2x 1tb hmm
Unless there is a lot of I/O going on, the kernel cache should be quite sufficient
Thing is, there is an awful lot of I/O going on. Lemme get some figures
well, the closer you can get it to the CPU, the better then... I return to ramdisk :).  sounds like you just need to get your head around bcache
Sounds like that to me too..
is there anyone who knows about OpenVZ and virtualisation?. no.. I'm not interested about virtualbox. I want to know if I'll install OpenVZ it will be consequences.... about running well the others proccess from my PC
what was the question?.  what was the question?
unholy, sorry for delay. I want to know if I'll install openVZ on a desktop-ubuntu machine .... others proccess and jobs from it, will continue de run fine?
they will be separate.
I know..
what are you trying to accomplish?
openVZ will don't affect the rest of processes ?. I want to install openVZ to make some virtual machines, but I want to be sure this job doesn't affect the rest of apps which running on my PC
are any crucial ubuntu components in a.out format?
i highly doubt it. elf has been "the way" for like 7 or 8 years now
good, I guess I can disable that in my kernel :D
hello everyone ...is there any way to re-install evolution under ubuntu 10.04 LTS ???
sudo apt-get --reinstall install evolution
that will delete / rewrite all files, including config and so ???
No, your configs are stored in your home directory, APT won't touch them.  Just delete them if they're broken and let evolution recreate them
k, that's what I want ....cause i'm having troubles importing a pst file .... and I think reinstall may solve this .....hopefully ....
Probably not
what is tricky ...every 2 reinstallation of ubuntu evolution works without any problem .....  it did not change a single thing .......  i want to completely purge evolution from Gnome, then reboot, and after that install ...is that possible ???
What is the term for text files with commands in it, just "scripts"? How do I google it for details etc.?. What is the term for text files with commands in it, just "scripts"? How do I google it for details etc.?
Hi folks! why Ubuntu does not recognize my flush memory?
Does anyone have any experience with Deja Dup?
I have some experiences with it, yes.
I'm trying to restore a backup, but it seems to have gotten stuck on "checking for backups"... Either that or I'm being impatient
Hmm. Run htop, see if it's acting up..  This never occured to me. It's very straightforward app.
'htop'?
htop, or Run "ps -aux | grep deja" -- Whatever the dejadup command is.
Ok... What am I looking for?
See if RAM or CPU is really high, that's it..  Are you trying to restore a large backup? If so, that may be the reason.
Doesn't seem so, no
How long have it been?
I'd say... about 25 minutes
How do I determine what version of usb ports (version 1 or 2) I have available on my computer?
to install apache+php+mysql in 12.10 i just need to type sudo apt-get install lamp-server^ right?
is there a way to reverse latest command I did ?
motherboard claims "SATA II"-- lspci shows " IDE interface: nVidia Corporation MCP61 SATA Controller" is this real SATA device or some kind of bridge?
I'm using 11.10 and when I adjust the terminal font to 9, I get strange artefacts when typing (like characters aren displayed properly or the last charcter shows up when pressing space
using a monospaced font, right?
yes. on my other vm with 11.10 its no problem though
what do I need to do so that the services on my machine are available to the home network when the machine is booted and I am not logged in?
what services?
I have the family calendar on my machine (.ics files).  everything works fine if I am logged in. I think I just need to have the wireless start on boot. But I don't know how to do that.
you would want to edit your IP table to allow connections from your local network ie: 192.168.x.x and also have the apps loaded into the /etc/init.d or the umm... startup file which i forgot the name of.  the script is /etc/rc.local
thats sounds right. So, I'll read up on init.d, that a start.
Hey everyone, I've had video problems with linux whenever I've used it, xv crashes my system forcing a hard reboot, and I was never able to keep totem from using it. I switched to mplayer with great success, except that it won't play any audio on quicktime files. I'm willing to try anything :). Thunderbird?. Can anyone help me with my video problem?
your video isnt working
Video is working, rather, I have a problem running quicktime videos: there's no audio
mplayer?
Mplayer..  I tried totem, but I can't stop it from using xv which causes a hard lockup on my system
grab the latest mplayer from source along with the latest codecs
alright
dear please help me I cant update gdb. W: Failed to fetch [URL] 404 Not Found
What are you trying? What error doe you get?
I cant update gdb
Can someone help with a non-booting box?. The box doesn't boot if the HDD is given power. if not,I can boot into LiveCD,from where I'm posting
sounds like a hardware error
as in?
how to open archieve manager
what are you trying to do
i downloaded some file and it got saved in archieve manager but i don know how to open it where to search for
its exually funny how much trouble im having in finding out weither I have hardware-raid.. it kinda looks like i have.. especially as in how easy both windows and linux recognised the drive ( even without drivers )
hello!. i'm having a problem with vlc
me thinks i've been playing around in gconf-editor a bit too much. how do I force a nautilus window to open up?
how do you make an iptables command stick, after a reboot ?
hello . can i vnc to windows pc ?
as long as windows pc runs a vnc server, sure
can you tell me a good vnc server name for xp?
there are two wireless network, one with key (i connect to it during install) and one public without key which i want to switch to now. i installed netapplet to help me out, but no luck. any help?
dudes, why can't my proftpd or vsftpd write any file to disk when uploading?. STOR diskio2.dll. 150 Opening BINARY mode data connection for diskio2.dll. Upload. that's what i get and it freezes after that
permissions ?
i tried 777 and 755 for whole home dir.  do i need a specific permissions for ftpd to work?
Is there a way to disable Reverse DNS lookup in SSH?
rDNS should be on?.  it lookups your hostname and checks that the ip is actually the one your connection from. connecting*
but it doenst let me login
it shouldn't be the problem - must be something else..
If i connect to my [URL] it gives the error reverse mapping checking getaddrinfo for stargate.morraye.local [192.168.1.1] failed - POSSIBLE BREAK-IN ATTEMPT!
which command tells me which kernel version I'm running?. GNU/Linux kernel
i had a problem with the distro. I've just tried to install it, but it fails in the stage of mounting the cdrom. what could that be??
so should I add a script? I am trynig to get quota to start on boot
can i preserve environment variables set in a bash script and pipe the variables to another command?. $bash -C "/path/to/env.sh; echo $variable;". how can i accomplish this?. env.sh would set $variable
export variable.  without the $ sign.
yeah i tried that
Oh. You mean from a script!.  I get it..  You can't. However, if you can run the script in the current shell: . /patch/to/env.sh
yeah the bash file contains 'export THIS_VARIABLE="value"'
Or, well, source /path/to/env.sh
:-/
Instead of running it.
so bash -C "source /path/to/env.sh; echo $THIS_VARIABLE"
Yup.
hmm. thx.  it does not work
HI.. Is there a way I can get apt to go through ever installed package and check for errors? Lost a lot of inodes and realy dont wanna re install (again!)
I was wondering about soundcard and such. Im gonna have my sound output by a s-pdif.. so I get digital and can send it to my receiver. is there any setting or packages I have to install for that.. I think i've read something about doing something with ALSA..
oh... just type "nvidia-settings".
.. nice.. :).  what does your nvidia-settings says about your graphics processor? .. mine says C51 .. strange..
question: does anyone know how to update Java from update 26 to update 29?
you will have to install your own from [URL]
i installed it via .bin file from Java but it still says update 26
thats because /usr/bin/java is linked to your 26 installed version
ooh. thx
hello, I was trying to get my wireless card to work so I followed the instructions in this thread -> [URL] after I rebooted, the computer keeps locking up with this error "BUG: soft lockup detected on CPU#0!" anyone know how to fix it?
where are programs located.. in waht file
does ubuntu work on EFI?
we told you when you first asked. yes, since 12.04
but i can't make a live USB on a mac, how can i do it?.  i tried the latest version, but it does not show up on booting
and did you download the mac ISOs? what kind of mac do you have?
i got the ISO from the Ubuntu website, i am not sure if there is a special ISO for mac, my mac is firmware 8,1 macbookpro 2012 and i have OS X 10.9.3
yes there are as i mentioned above earlier ;)
oh, how can i find them?
[URL]  i have no idea what the differences are though
oh.  ok downloading it now.  will come back to you after i try installing it :-)
ok you're holding down 'alt' after the boot chime yeah to select the different device?
yes, previously the live USB does not show up, even after several restarts, will try this ISO file and i will let you know :-)
My firefox browser cannot play videos please help
i did sudo rmmod saa7134_alsa how to undo this ?
I've got a friend here with an 8800GTS -- I got the driver to install okay, and it boots without the black screen of death, but he's getting a max screen resolution of 800x600 on a 1400x900 widescreen monitor...does anyone know how I can fix this?
your friend needs to tell ubuntu to set the resolution by his monitor.  it's there in screens and graphics under adimerstration
I've tried changing his monitor to the correct resolution in that, and it works for the login screen, but as soon as he actually logs back on it reverts back to the old 800x600..
hello, how can I force ubuntu to search for new devices connected to it?. (hot plugged dvd-rom)
it should do it on plug in.  it should do it when you plug it in, IF the motherboard supports hot plug
it does support hot plug (ahci) but ubuntu is not showing it
ahci doesn't mean it's hot plug, that's just one option
weird if I hot plug a hard drive it does mount it automaticaly
does your dvd drive have a disk in it
yeap
is there a way to install java 9 from oracle automatically using a shell script without keystrokes - [URL] Seems like oracle pops up a license box to press enter on - perhaps someone knows how to automate this?. These two lines are asking for user input---> apt-get -y install oracle-java9-installer , update-alternatives --config java
anyone here use Squirrel Mail ?
yes. got it working here
could you offer any advice on how to secure it..?
with ssl - I've found it very good
especially flood controls, etc
not had much in the way of flooding, but overall, not had a problem
alright thanks i will look into it
onething to keep in mind is your maildir format on the imap server squirrel mail is fussy
what do you mean?
check the squirrelmail help but maildir and maildir++ and things like that effect its behaviour, as does the imap server
ok.  would you mind quickly explaining how to enable ssl for squirrelmail
well, there is 2 points, ssl on the imap server and ssl on the apache server, its not really squirrelmail
oh well they both have ssl already. i use webmin which runs with https
ok - so when you configure squirrelmail just tell it to use ssl.  and make sure your ssl domain for webmail is using ssl
thats the part i dont know how to do
HI, I just installed Ubuntu 8.10 on ASUS laptop, and I'm having trouble getting my linksys wireless to work, it is a PMICA card, my ? is, does ubuntu support PMICA slots? if it does is there a driver for my linksys wireless card thnxs
is there a package to do voice chat in ubuntu???with yahoo messenger account and google talk???
hey i just installed KDE and was wondering how to i completely remove GNOME & its applications
please, provide me working link of 10.04 SPARC
Where can I look to see why SWAT doesnt start? Any Suggestions?. Ill take anything at this point in time
how did you install it?
loshki: sudo apt-get install swat
any recommendations as to an easy linux distro that would run great on a P2 300 Mhz laptop with 6.4GB hard drive?
DSL. Damn Small Linux. or Feather Linux. google that
DSL? does it have a GUI?
if i want to use files on bchunk which are on the desktop, what shall i do, "sudo bchunk 'desktop' klockren-xpsp2.bin klockren-xpsp2.cue klockren-xpsp2" or wtf???
Will all apps that work on Ubuntu also work on Ubuntu Touch? And if not yet, is that what the new package format will be all about?
not all, but most, technically
Like Kdenlive for video editing and pavucontrol and ffmpeg, stuff like that?
what format are you talking about, though? :)
The new Ubuntu package format coming out for 13.10 touch and 14.10 desktop.
I've got an encrypted home directory on one computer, and want to be able to access it via NFS on another computer, but all I see is the "Access-Your-Private-[URL]sktop" and "README.txt" files. How do I view the ecryptfs files with nfs?
I'm thinking that the user whose homedir that is has to be logged in for the files to be accessible.
I am
Hm, I was pretty sure they got mounted on login.
In fact, that's where I'm running this chat from. sftp works just fine..  They get mounted, but as a FUSE filesystem. The nfs-kernel-server doesn't read it.
Can root see the files? True on my system.
Yes, but not nfs
is it linux-686 restricted modules? that comes up when i apt-cache search nvidia. it says the binary driver, nvidia-glx, is alreay installed
check out the Ubuntu nvidia guy, you have to download two modules. guy=guide
thirste: i only got lynx to browse
heey i hv prob ihv deleted the oem accoun by chance and now am not able to login with this account agian i tried to create it again but it gives me error message. how can i backup it i hv the /home/oem folder i want create user with that /home/oem how can i do that ?
how do i create a new env var. The question may be trivial but i can't find a concrete answer on the net
it depends on which environment the variable needs to be set -- shells? All users? Just one user? Gnome?
all users, i've ssh'd into a test server. as root
I wonder why I get no desktop sounds?
do you get any sound?
> I do, yeah...
No one with a BRoadcom BCM4312?
One sec
thank you :)
[URL]  Tell me how that works.
thank you :) trying it now
You will most likely have to reinstall.
it's giving a lot of errors...it didn't find ndiswrapper for example. is that normal?
I am having troubles with apt-cacher-ng... specifically it's avoiding the proxy specified in Acquire::http::Proxy on the client.
Change the URLs in the clients [URL]st to specifically use the apt-cacher-ng server.
That results in an error, "URL seems to be made for proxy but contains apt-cacher-ng port. Inconsistent apt configuration?"
anyone know anything about graphic drivers?
im dealing with mine allday ATI
I tried to install an ATI card, but gave up and am trying to go back to my original "Generic Driver". But I didn't back it up, and now I think I'm screwed.
give me a sec ill get you a link
awesome, thank you
megajuice [URL]
I'm looking at it now
megajuice im finally tripple booting on a 32" lcd sweet
yeah i've looked at that probably 100 times. I need to get the driver for my generic card that I have.
megajuice worked for my onboard ati
yeah I tried to install it, it didn't work, I got pissed off, and I put my old card back in.
megajuice I know the feeling
what card do you have?
megajuice it took me all day to get my 32" lcd working. megajuice onboard radeon express 200 nothing fancy
I've been trying for 3 days. I have a Radeon 9550
megajuice its not easy brother but i think i seen something about your card on that site
probably, I'm gonna keep looking
hmm, ive apparently install irssi and scripts etc BUT i cannot seem to find it on my comp ???. any ideas
im trying to compile my first kernel, im up to the compile stage, but it SEEMS like its trying to compile for i386, not for K8, like i told it ( "/usr/bin/make EXTRAVERSION=.7-limeuxcustom ARCH=i386 \ "). can someone help me?
anyone have experience getting atheros based wireless cards to work in ubuntu?
hi there. I have a problem with this Makefile. [URL]
Do you have all the dependancies?
does anyone know how can I link the two files?.  yes it's a simple makefile (3 files, 1 .h and 2 .cc)
How would I go about applying the flash-nonfree plugin for FF, because it says theres nothin installed
sudo apt-get install flashplugin-nonfree
firefishe, I know, I did that, FF isnt recognizing it
if i apt-get install -d some package, where does apti hide it??
- /var/cache/apt/archives
thanx but i dont find it in there can it be that it has a completely different name?-.-
need some help with boot problem
what's the issue?
i updated a bunch of stuff and now i get a kernel panic at boot. cannot boot
k. what is the error? cannot mount /. ?. if you press escape and pick a different kernel out of the list, does it work?
no. stuck
if i have an laptop with a CRT plugged into into vga port can... can i have a different refresh rate for the CRT ? how?
refresh rate? Or resolution?
refresh rate
what video chip?
its 60hz for the laptop lcd which is too low for a crt ... ie it hurts to look at... its using the savage Xorg driver
Anyone know how to lock an refreshrate?
is there a way to force a reinstall of a package and all of its dependencies ?
synaptic (therefore apt-get as well) allows reinstall but i do not think it reinstalls dependencies as well
yeah.. you can add the --reinstall switch to apt-get.. but i think there is something wrong with the dependencies... i can no longer view pdfs with either acroread or evince
what's so special about PulseAudio?
anyone know how to enable keyboard/mouse when they fail to work on a fresh Jaunty install? (worked fine in Intrepid)
try a USB mouse or keyboard? I'm just guessing.
they are USB
ouch, sounds like the USB wasn't properly recognized or, you might prefer to use the (not always present) PS/2 ports. :(.  unplug and replug them? again just guessing. :(
yeah.. the power button doesn't work either (unless i hold it down) im guessing its an HID problem.  they work fine in Intrepid. (on it now)
what about ubuntu 9.04 and 8.10?
did you have an upgrade question about those?
it. it 's very slow
does anyone know if there is any media support in 64-bit ubuntu at all?
hi all. i just downloaded the 6.06 CD ISO and booted it. what is the root password of the live CD?
i have a nVidia Corporation NV18 [GeForce4 MX 440 AGP 8x] card on my system (output from lspci).. how can i install new drivers for this card?. usually a small applet pops up giving me the option of installing a proprietary driver for it, but it doesn't here
what about System > Administration > Hardware ? Does that work?. hardware drivers*
it just says "No proprietary drivers are in use on this system"
ah, most times that will start the hardware app
what do you mean?
the one you were talking about
in the image for this machine i installed nvidia-93 manually.  then i removed it now.  before the last reboot
I have a wireless network issue that was working - my card won't locate any wireless networks. iwlist wlan0 scan doesn't find any
i would appreciate some help in how to create a bootable floppy to upgrade bios
as far as i know you may only be able to do that in windows unless your bios manufacturer provided linux files to create or run a bios update. this isn't anything ubuntu/linux has control over sadly
, im trying to follow a mix of two tutorials i ve found in the net but unfortunately i dont have the knowledge enough i suppose
Does anybody have PHP installed? If so, can you quickly just run time() in a terminal and tell me what it returns?. ;(
how to I run php from the command line? tell me and i'll do it.  i have it installed, use it to do some web development
Does PHP not have an interactive console like Ruby or Python?
hey there, anyone know anything about installing printer drivers for a bizhub c3350?
it doesnt display anything.. i removed all packages from synaptic.. but i tried to compile from source.. do i have to remove all the old files before compiling again
You shouldn't have to. do a locate mplayer and find the files that remain. You could delete them by hand, but I think this is overkill..  please put my nick in when chatting to me, I am using two machines, and I will miss your messages.
thanks a lot.. but i get an error saying mplayer not found when i do.. "sudo apt-get build-dep mplayer. " after i download and configure as per the insns
what version are you trying to compile. For what chip?
i m using a x86 chip.. and i downloaded the latest version of mplayer from the website which was MPlayer v1.0pre7try2.  i m using a x86 chip.. and i downloaded the latest version of mplayer from the website which was MPlayer v1.0pre7try2
can anyone explain what fuse is? I stll dont understand it after reading the wiki and the faq
Hey, how would I make a message box appear on screen from a terminal? I am trying to get someone's attention.
start xmessage as the user.
I SSH'd into the machine, and ran xmessage, but it returned "Error: Can't open display:".
then you arent the user you want to message.
Hm, odd. I SSH'd into the box with their login creds.. And they are the only user on the box.
guys during installation ubuntu 14.04 which kernel should i choose. i have alot of choices
where are you seeing this?
linux-signed-generic-its-vivid. linux-generic-lts-vivid. linux-virtual-lts-vivid
but what did you do to see this...
during installation on vmware
of what ISO?
i downloaded the iso image. sec
please press enter less
ubuntu 14.04.3-server-amd64
well that likely installed with a 3.19 kernel anyway, but i recall no step where others are chosen - or made to be chosen
i chosen the one is highlighted from the beggining of the opened page. i chose* beginning*
You know what actually works in ubuntu?. internet explorer. and it can do a full windows update, too
using wine?
crossover office
ah right
so, yes.
wow...mysql really does make a difference in amarok...
does anyone know how to enable ACPI ?
hi. how to take the screen shot of the active page on ubuntu ?. i am trying alt + prtSc but its not working
I am right now a Vista user, after I get my PC built I will set up a Ubuntu micheen. computer*
why exactly are you trying to do this? so you can sync?
No so I can use my PCs internet over a secure VPN while I am out in the city
so you want to connect your ipod touch to your private network from anywhere?
Yes. So my data will be encripted
how woudl you be connecting to this network? through wifi from somewhere?
Yes
wouldn
Over the internet, there are three options in the iposL2TPPPTP IPSec
during apt-get upgrade on 10.04 LTS, I'm faced with a screen that says "continue without installing grub (y/n) - I don't want to break this box. What should I do? Why is it asking? I had a fairly vanilla installation on here, with just some web server stuff added to it.
hi, what is the best way to autosize the windows like win7 when you drag the window to left/right/top of screen?
guys, what do I need in order to use a bluetooth headset as a mic and audio output? I want to use it the same way I use it with my cellphone.
hello everyone. i was trying to write some string using command line and i used tee command but it overwritten all the old data, is there any thing that i can revert to old one?
you can get the old file from your backup. If you don'y have a backup, it is gone
but i didn't created any backup and that was my /etc/hosts file
Is there a safe way to install the gpu?
how can I force a cdrom to eject regardless of it's state?
dosent eject work in console?
no it keeps insisting something is accessing it, but I know for absolute certain it's not
try losof /dev/cdrom
was that a typo?
yes lsof :)
ahh that's handy, it's saying that an editor I closed 5 minutes ago is still using it
It should be displayed with glxinfo
Hi. How can i make the scrollwheel on my USB mouse work?. Hi. How can i make the scrollwheel on my USB mouse work?
how can I made my cpu governor scale my frequency faster ?
Hey guys, Im trying to install Ubuntu on my PC here but on every CD I try i get a bunch of errors along the lines of "Buffer i/o something something HDA1" and then it quits with a kernal panic.. what do I do !?
- try a different harddrive?
Hey guys, Im trying to install Ubuntu on my PC here but on every CD I try i get a bunch of errors along the lines of "Buffer i/o something something SR0" and then it quits with a kernal panic.. what do I do !?.  Sorry the error stated SR0 not HDA1.. that was a mistake :)
- that makes a difference. it would seem to suggest that something is wrong or not cooperating with your cd drive.  -- can you boot into and OS and use the cd drive without problems?
No sir.. I tried the live and alternate CD and both give me these errors when i select either install or boot from CD.  But when I use the CD drive in windows there are no problems at all
- ok - that's what I was looking for - confirmation that the drive works. Did you try burning the cd at a slower speed? I've run into that once or twice, and that 'fixed' it for me...
I have burned it at 8x 4x and even 1x.. all the same problems
- whoa - you're way ahead of me :) That's strange indeed. Are you burning it on the same drive you're reading it from?
No im not. Because for some reason the drive im burning it with does not see the disk as boot disk. So i had to swap it into a DVD drive to boot
- can you swap drives around to try booting the cd from a different one?
Due to powercable shortage i can only have 1 drive on at the same time. So its either the CD-RW drive or DVD drive. When i hook up the CD-RW drive it will not boot into CD at all
- interesting. Are you reseting the jumpers on the back of the drives when you switch them around?
Not at all
does hardy come with a tool to browse wifi-networks? (without having to apt-get since I don't have connectivity yet)
the network manager comes with a simple browser
is that under system->Administration->Network ?
it's the network-icon thingy in the systray.  if I left click on it I see the available wireless networks
hum, I start it and see "network settings" but no where to browse, even after unlocking
installed the russian lang pack, works fine but now when I, for example do %ls -l, the listing info is in cyrillic chars. How to fix?. even after I switch back to English
anyone know how to make a script to run on startup for my sound settings?
there some places to set it .
yes i know. ive been doing it in hda analyzer. but i dont wanna keep doing it.  i wanna just make a script uppon start up
System-Preferences-Startup Applications . this is one.
do u know anything about the hda-analyzer.diff file? do u think i can make it load upon start up
I am not familiar with that . but as you want to load it upon startup . there are some approach ..  you can write to the /etc/rc.local
because if anyone has any experience in hda analyzer they all know that all the settings will vanish after restart.  i can put the .diff file in their?
you can look that file ,you edit it and write some commands there for the os to run upon startup
yeh but the .diff file has alot of stuff in it lol.. do u need to put any option lines or anything like that in their?
at your case ,maybe you can edit a "patch"command for the .diff file
Know any Patch commands?. !patch
hi folks...... any possibility that i can remote desktop into my ubuntu desktpo 10.04 (with visual effects enabled) from my ubuntu laptop 10.04 ?
visual effects can cause issues.. and slow things way down
right; but ur saying with visual effects i cant vnc?
anyone know anything about graphic drivers?
im dealing with mine allday ATI
I tried to install an ATI card, but gave up and am trying to go back to my original "Generic Driver". But I didn't back it up, and now I think I'm screwed.
How can I see if my raid card is detected by ubuntu?
can anyone tell me how to diable unity in ubuntu 11.10?
just install another desktop and it should add an option to your session settings
can anyone tell me how to disable unity in ubuntu 11.10?
Can anyone tell me exactly what rsync does? I looked in man and I couldn't quite fully understand
: rsync is for syncronizing files between some places.  : it does it efficiently and only copies changed parts of files
do you know how exactly I use it?
can anyone help me resolve dependency problems with samba? [URL] resulting from failed 10.04->12.04 upgrade
install libwbclient0 and then retry.  what happens when you do a dist-upgrade?
both result in unmet dependency warnings with samba
hi all, i'm trying to xmms to play mp3 files. totem plays them fine right now but xmms just seems to hang. is there a known fix for this?
is there anyone who can help a newbie, I've deleted the shutdown menu (right down corner of the screen) need to get it back.
- right click add to pannel
yes ?. what is name of that menu
right click in panel click add to pannel
I did,. but I cant find that panel
grrr. Doing everying I am being told to do for flash and still nothing
how do i format a partition that is hfs exfat and ex3?
Even after installing phpmyadmin, when I got to 'localhost/phpmyadmin' all I see is 'Index of / phpmyadmin' and a list of files like '[URL]nf', 'config-[URL]p' etc...What gives?
Can someone explain to me how to overwrite my [URL]nf file, it says I don't have permissions.
I live near St.Louis, and there is no time zone for there.. So...how do I get my time correct? lol
HELLO! anybody know a generic driver for the EPSON Laser?
checked here: [URL]/ ?
well...unfortunately there is one post of the fourth june about my printer WHITHOUT ANSWERS....... :-(
I'm having trouble resetting the window borders on the Human Theme back to the original. cant understand why it do not work
I have a problem with my sound (hda intel), I have to restart alsasound (with sudo /etc/init.d/alsasound restart) and to modprobe snd_hda_intel many time after each reboot for it to work. It's really boring. Is there a way to improve that ?. (it's pretty calm down here)
is your system a branded pc or laptop?
Any help, better place where I can ask ?.  laptop.
Anyone know how to change the font from within shell?
How do i write a cdr from feisty livecd ?
are you on windows?
no i.  no im on feisty.
why are you trying to wire on the livecd?. write
because upgrading to feisty hosed my system. Now i want to burn files from my home folder so i can blast this drive clean and start over with a fresh instal.
you have to write to a new cd...you can't rewire on a cdr that's already been written on
yeah i replaced the cd in the drive with a fresh blank but it still refuses.
How do I for to reinstall a package. I removed it an manually deleted some files and now apt-get install <package> won't install all files.. s/an/and/
[Question] I have been using ssh for remote control of my ubuntu server. I want to control my ubuntu desktop from my windows box, im used to using realVNC, is this good for ubuntu also or is there a better option?
hey, is there a way to change screensaver preferences like, say, number of fish in Atlantis through gnome-screensaver?
Hey, anyone know what I can do to investigate this problem? My friend's new laptop (Thinkpad x220i) running Ubuntu 11.04 keeps freezing. Complete freeze, has to be hard-reset. Seems to be random, nothing in particular seeming to cause it.
have you checked harddisk/ram?
I ran memtest and it seemed to freeze immediately. It's not like it started testing memory and then froze, it's just frozen as soon as it comes up. Needed a hard reset..  Have not checked hd
what's a good graphic program, i want to make a star field based on a data set. GIMP isn't it
what por should I have open in my firewall to allow gnome-user-share connections?
I'm working on Wine's installation script, and it uses su, but ubuntu doesn't play well with that. I'd like to run sudo, but other systems don't play well with that. Is there an environment variable that says whether a system has a root user? That way, I could check it and then determine which one to run.
What does ctrl-T do in the command line?
not a whole lot it seems
well, i just wanted to make sure it hasn't actually done anything. because i'm copying a lot of important files. that i can't afford to lose. (i accidently hit ctrl-T while they're copying, (cp is running))
How can I have a cpu-processor temp in my gnome panel like an applet or something?
could someone help me get sound working again after a recent update?
lots of my packages of faling to d/load, should I be worried :)
you have to be realy patient when downloading. It will start eventualy
did your packages fail though,
Hey.. I can't get java to work on Firefox. both installing it from the tarball and Synaptic.
enable the extra repost and install sun-java6-jre from backborp. backport
lawl. man. I've been trying this for ~1 week. and then I can just apt-get it. :/
I have my usb mic plugged in and it shows up in the sound mixer but audio is not recorded in sound recorder
can anyone help me out with ftp
depends on the issue :)
how do i get it to work. well i having trouble getting to understand how it works. !ftp
whyyyy doesnt my ubuntu recognize my gpu anymore??? T-T
madwifi-hal driver no workie, should ath_pci or ath_hal be blacklisted?
that seems to be normal behaviour. a second wifi card would get a second wireless caption with a own list of ssids
the second wifi card has been removed.  right now I just want to go back to what previously worked, namely the madwifi-hal drivers.
I was runing some regular update and after reboot my screen went to hell! i got some twisted picture... is it possible to run installed ubuntu in some safe grafic mode, so i could try to fix the grafic ore something???
why not just strip the splash altogether
i don't know what is that but please tell me how and i will do it :D
I mean, just have no graphic, you will get all of the text rolling by but you will be able to see some progress and such if that is your purpose
i don't think i get you very well. my purpose is to fix my ubuntu desktop to can work on it, now is some twisted line grafics ...
but the graphic problem is just the little boot graphic right?
the problem starts since the login screen appears and further when i login too picture is twisted
oh I see, your initial question was unclear. You must have problems with your X configuration.  not sure how ubuntu is dealing with that these days, you could edit /etc/X11/[URL]nf though
i don't have a clue idea what happened, but after normal ubuntu update the picture went to hell
quick question, when dual booting, how do i access my windows partition with ubuntu, i'm used to other deb based distros and kde, where my partition was on the desktop, i couldn't seem to find out how to jump to my windass partition in ubuntu, can it be done in gnome and ubuntu?
You'll want to see if you have the NTFS filesystem module installed (I'm on a Windows laptop at the moment, so can't check)..  cat /proc/cpuinfo. whoops, make that /proc/filesystems
k..but i don't need ntfs, just fat 32
Hi!. Is there any way to get the sound working on a dual screen setup (the second monitor is connected through hdmi and should play the sound)
so google tells me it is pointless to set up a raid0 enviroment for my dektop. any comments on RAID
what do you want to know?
is there any performance increase for a desktop
you're going to hate me, but depends. which raid configuration are you looking at
y would i hate you? what does it depend on?
How can I load a kernel driver?
System->Administration->Hardware Drivers. If it's not there it won't be in the kernel..
I can't get my serial card to work. Doesn't load the serial module
What card is it? i.e. Manufacturer etc..
Communication controller: Device 5372:6872 (rev 01),Subsystem: LSI Logic / Symbios Logic Device 0002
how can i disable task switching with the scrollwheel?
you mean when you are over the taskbar?
yep
move the mouse away from the taskbar? :) personally i love the featrue. i discovered it by mistake. heh
i have a sensitive wheel, so it gets annoying :\
any idea why my firefox is causing my system to freeze?
you're watching fridge ads?
that's actually kindad funny
how to install .deb files?
Every 5 seconds.. Ubuntu presses my up key.. Help!!
That's quite odd, is this a fresh install, or?
No,  .. But I haven't done anything to cause this, really.
hi. looks like i have a unique boot problem. can you help me to fix this
Tell us your problems
i have no clue some update crashed my system and i am not able to boot into ubuntustudio12.
hi,everyone!Can't see Hidden Data, Ctrl-H doesn't help,how to restore
hi, im trying to understand GTK... what files do i need to use it? im running fluxbox right now.. anyone here today?
what do you mean "use" it? Write programs that use GTK? Run GTK programs??
i mean to change themes and such...
how can i change gmd theme in karmic. ??
I have a mythbuntu box that keeps crashing every few days. There is no display, no response for keyboard/mouse, it doesn't accept ssh or vnc connections, and the lights on the keyboard flash on and off. Tried memtest, 5 passes, no errors. Any ideas? Is there a log I can check?
if the keyboard lights are flasing its a kernel crash. so the system is dead and no more network
is there a log I can look at to see why it happened?
/var/log/messages, though i am not sure it has the actual kernel crash
I looked there, and it shows all of the startup activity from the reboot, but not the actual crash.  Is there any established way to go about troubleshooting this?
maybe the log file was just rotated at the time of reboot, so might have to go back one step in history. just ls -al /var/log/ you will find it
I'll look...
Hello again. I installed a Apache server to my Ubuntu, everything is working pretty good, however I wonder what should I do in order to access the computer using a human name like "webserver" thatn writing 192.168.1.x ??
has your system a name already?.  the machine apache is running on, I mean
yes it does, the name is "LinuxServer"
if you "ping LinuxServer" .. does that work?
ping: unknown host LinuxServer
ok, first of all you need to make an entry in your /etc/hosts file
I have never done that, I beg your batience, can you help me on that?
add a line like this like this: "192.168.1.33 LinuxServer", where the 33 should be your real ip part...
ok, I am trying
sure, use "sudo gedit /etc/hosts" to open the file
ok, done, so I guess I have to restart my networking right?
nope, ping should work now
no it is not
. Ok. Can you ping 192.168.1.x address you said you use?
yes I can, I installed a Apache server to my Ubuntu, everything is working pretty good, however I wonder what should I do in order to access the computer using a human name like "webserver" thatn writing 192.168.1.x ??
i know
sorry, something qrong with the copy/paste.  cmrabet@CM-Laptop:~$ ping 10.10.10.210. PING 10.10.10.210 (10.10.10.210) 56(84) bytes of data.
ok that works?
Iyes, when pinging to the numbered IP it works
ok then you need to put *that* 10.10.10.210 address in /etc/hosts
[URL] that's my hosts file
ok, moment.  ok. First of all, you have a double entry in the /etc/hosts for LinuxServer..  oh, 1 moment.  before you were not able to ping "linuxserver" ? Because before it was on your 127.0.1.1.  let's take one step back :) Edit /etc/hosts and put an "#" before your line starting with 10.10 ...
so shall I delete that line? mas.msft is our domain here
well, that one should work. So disable your [URL] first by inserting # before that line
I have done it, but still the same result, Don't you thinkg that I have to restart the netwroking in my server?
no, that's not necessary.  type "ping 127.0.1.1"
from the server?
yes
pinigint to 127.0.1.1 I get pong
are you talking about more than 1 machine?
yes, I am now in a desktop machine controling the server throught shh
I was playing with compiz settings via the CCSM program. I accidentally tweaked it to make every transparent. How do I reset it?
Hello. Can Rhythmbox have gapless playback?
Yes
?
Check edit: preferences: playback: enable crossfade backend
that's not gapless.
Yes it is, check Rhythmbox docs.  I had the exact same reaction as you, but I read up on it and tadaa, gapless playback
roger. Thanks..  not quite gapless, but closer.
Is using apt-build a good thing?
how to install gizmo project ?. is there a deb pkg ?
Does anyone know of an easy way to make a virtual COM port in Windows that is able to connect to a physical COM port in ubuntu via the network?
Hello I'm new to ubuntu. Ran into a boot up issue with my mint. Out of frustration I am using ubuntu to look into reparing it. But I am having so much fun with unity that I am reconsidering switching to ubuntu. Just one question. Can the start button on ubuntu be changed?
I have a 500 GB Western Digital External Hard Drive connected to a VMware Server Virtual Machine (I have checked in vmware removable devices and it says its mounted) On a Ubuntu host. When i do sudo fdisk -l on the Server Virtual Machine it doesn't show up. Help anyone?
Is ubuntu x86 or x64 ?
wich installation cd should i use if i have: Intel Atom N270 processor? I have tryied the x86, i386 but it says i got i686 :(
hi all, what could be the matter with compiz not workin on 8.04 Hardy heron, worked fine until like 3 days ago :(
can you run glxgears?
what is that ? :) not to literate with all ubuntu specific names :(
try running this script.. it test some stuff for compiz [URL]  hehe.. it's an opengl demo thingy.. some twisting gears in a window
give me a mom, connecting :)
it's just a quick test to see if your video stuff is setup right
ok so just follow on with the commands thats it ?
did glxgears work?. !canonical
gears show fine.  the module just says that it encountered an error checking the memory size, all other things say ok
then try the script from the webpage.. there are instructions there
i already ran that :) thats where the memory error showed up
hmm.. hang on.. let me check something
sure :) im just tryin to figure out what is causin this, because i just had to run recovery and fix some consistency issues (my whole desktop was locked up ( ).  ok i installed nvidia-settings now, and it says all tests [ok]
hmm.. so all settings are ok.. and it's still not working?
nope:(.  all problems started 3 days ago out of nothing
Hello....anyone want to help out a newbie?. upgraded from 7.04 to 7.10. all seemed to go well..... but after I rebooted I only get a blank screen
Shell command for searching the whole file system for a specific filename string?
Could someone please tell me how to remove old "crap" from gconf editor.. I want it clean, I removed Epiphany but it is still in Gconf. Could someone please tell me how to remove old "crap" from gconf editor.. I want it clean, I removed Epiphany but it is still in Gconf'
Can someone please help me set up my Mythtv? Do I have to install a Upnp client? Or is something else going wrong here? I'm looping into a cannot login cycle...
myth has their own channel
jack_sparrow: I get an error: Upnp not found, whenever I run the setup. It brings me to a different setupd screen where I put in the user and pass (both correct), it says cannot log into server and loops.
I get " shm.c: mmap() failed: Cannot allocate memory" all the time when using pidgin.. anyone else seen this?
how do i make a launcher do more than one command?
add a ";" between commands
so "cd ~/jUploadr-1.1.2-linux-i386; ./jUploadr" should work?.  or can i simplify that?
you could put those commands into a shell script and point the launcher to that
how?
try that combination first before getting into shell scripts, we'll see about later if you heva trouble starting Jloadr deal ?
deal
okay, does it start ?
"Failed to execute child" process "cd" (no such file or directory)"
just to check if i'm with you .. you're trying to run JUploadr from a menu ?
a launcher that i made on the desktop.  a launcher that i made on the desktop
hi whats a good data modelling tool for ubuntu?
blender.  type sudo apt-get install blender
i thinks it's a 3d modelling tool
Hi all, i lost my eth2 device (used for drbd sync) 4 times in a day time. Any idea why i lose my interface ?. Running 12.04 LTS ubuntu server
Start by identifying your problems specifically and looking around for bugs in your driver module and then possibly your init system. That's where I would start personally.  Also look in dmesg. It may reveal some information about what's going on.  Also any recent updates
dmseg only states that the link went down. And drivers i suspected as well, looking for some others..  Freshly installed server
does it start at eth0 then go to eth2?
0-3 =)
if i ping google why nameservers answer coming from having weird names like tz-in-[URL], can't google have one [URL] to not confuse?
Hello, is there a workaround for installing nvidia-glx 71 series driver in 8.10?. is there a workaround for installing nvidia-glx 71 series driver in 8.10?
i need to reinstall(and purge) all apport related packages and dependancys. can that be done via aptitude --purge reinstall , in some way?.
how can i tell a program to open in a certain size?
does the program in question provides commandline switches to do that ?
a terminal eg. it always opens in a really small size, starts to be annoying...
compiz has window size hooks in 'place windows' if you use that, or else use an app called devilspie
where do i find this size hook?
in compizconfig-settings-manager it's in 'place windows' (window management section), you will need to enter a hook like the windows class name or something to identify it, than you can enter x and y coordinates for size
thanks
Whats the use of regular expressions ?
guys how do I check if I have nvidia drivers installed?
hi...its me again. help: i installed 8.10 and after installation, ive got a big black border around my installation. how can i go fullscreen?. help: i installed 8.10 and after installation, ive got a big black border around my installation. how can i go fullscreen?
did you try the display settings in the System bar?
it only shows 800x600 nothing more than that
- is this a laptop or regular computer?
laptop, old one
guys, need help with crontab.. My crontab file looks like this [URL] But the command is never run at the specified time
you should do something cpu-intensive and see if the clock changes back to the maximum
Newbie question: I am running the Live CD. Managed to mount my NTFS hard drive and I can see the contents. But I need to say sudo each time. How do I browse the filesystem using th GUI tools?
netstat -tlnp isnt showing the PID/Program name. How can I get it to show this info. using 12.04. anyone. ?
use sudo netstat -tlnp
tried that. but for some reaon the last column shows blank
the 9.04, will be an LTS. ?
which encryption algorithm does the ubuntu rightclick > compress tool use?
anyone know how to get rid of extra version's of ubuntu's during startup
extra kernels in grub?
yea
Help, I am having trouble making a backup of my system to my external hard drive, I did rsync -avh --delete --stats /home/sebastian/ /media/SAMSUNG/mybackup and i got a whole bunch of outputs with these errors rsync: chgrp "/media/SAMSUNG/mybackup/.icons/Mac4Lin_Icons_v0.4/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-rar.png" failed: Operation not permitted (1). far as i know the hard drive is mounted
probably you do not have the permissions to writte in the backupdisk
how do i get hte permissions? i used sudo. it worked the first couple of times i backed up
what filesystem is used on the backup disk ?
how do i check that?.  msdos
and I got this error "FATAL: Error running install command for fglrx".  and I got this error "FATAL: Error running install command for fglrx"
I used my flashdrive as a instaler for some distros...now I want to use it again as a simple storage device, but I'm trying to format it and it seems to always keep the boot partition inside it, how to set it back to its default state ?
'keep the boot partition' ? how-so?
I don't know, but when I try to create a new partition it mounts the device with the name "ubuntu...."
I just did a:. $ sudo cp * /windows/*. does this mean I've ovewritten my /windows dir?. :/
it just overwrote files with same name
but I was in directory /vmware.  so it was like: $ sudo cp /vmware/* /windows/*.  have I lost them?
depends on what was in vmware, any file that had the same name as a file in windows would get overwritten I believe
I just had one file in that directory
so if you had a, b, c in vmware and c, d in window, your windows would then have a, b, c, d with c coming from vmware
I had one file called VMware-server-installer-e.x.p-23870.exe. in /vmware
i gotta question. how do i update xchat?
there is no newer version then 2.0.8 for warty
y cant i put the hoary edition on it?
Hi all could somebody help me here with wireless network configuration?
is it just me or what? i been experiencing lots of firefox-grayed-out, and can't move until firefox finish loading.
I get that every time I start firefox.. I'm looking forward to a clean install of karmic
ever since i upgrade to newer ubuntu distro. i thought it's an ubuntu prob. but i guess it's because newer version of firefox sucks.
hey , someone can help me to install the new version of notification "looks" of Ubuntu 9.04 into 8.10? Which name of this package?. how I do to install new style notification how in Ubuntu Jaunty 9.04?. My dist is 8.10
you don't mix and match versions.  9.04 packages are for 9.04 - not 8.10
all right, but I need to install that version, how I could to do?
is anyone else experiencing random freezes on 9.04 ?
ext4?
I don't bellieve so, I upgraded from 8.10
is there an api reference for making panel applets for unity?
indicators?.  or dock icons?
is that what they are called? the ones next to the wifi, bluetooth and sound icons.
indicators.  I'm right now working on unified keyboard indicator and I can recommend you to study code of message indicator (one used by gwibber, empathy and tbird).  it's pretty understandable
thanks! :).  I tried writing a panel applet the other day (I have one that controls my music laptop over ssh) and It just lacked a good api
but 3.3 -> 3.4 breaks the ABI anyway. jesus_: umask=002 in the options field
let me throw this out there .. if i want to compile something from source do i have to do a apt-get build-dep <package name> or is there another command ?
what do you want to build ?
- i installed ffmpeg from apt-get install but i built it last time so i want t build it again
hi all... anyone know how to update compiz to desktop sphere?. yes
can anyone tell me how to change the way the Taskbar appears in ubuntu
and you have to be in group admin to use sudo -i, right?. crap.
That fast user switching app is pretty nice, I just built it tonight. convenient for me :)
anyone tried to sid->hoary ?
sid->hoary doesn't work too well. You're better off running sid _with_ hoary or vice versa, but one of them needs to be pinned.
I checked wiki and it says only gnome is problematic. which I don't care :/
I presume you only have hoary lines now?.  it's doable if not a bit crufty
yup.  well I will report any success :-)
how long should the craeting file ext3 take when installing ubuntu???
mkfs varies depending on your hardware
well i have 3500 amd 64, 2 gig ram. can i pm you  im getting a headache trying to keepp up
I got some warning in terminal when start gedit ---> (gedit:9639): GnomeUI-WARNING **: While connecting to session manager:. Authentication Rejected, reason : None of the authentication protocols specified are supported and host-based authentication failed.
did you use sudo or gksudo?
nope
how to edit kernel modules assgined to an ethernet controller?
edit in what way?
edit in a mode that it is changed
rephrase what you mean....
If I type : lspci -v I will see that my ethernet controller: Realtek Semiconductor Co., Ltd. RTL-8169 Gigabit Ethernet (rev 10) is displayed it has kernel modules: r8169 assigned to it. I want to change it so that r8168 is assigned to it and not r8169
hardware failures can be really flakey...  blacklist the one you dont want to use. and load the other module
because I have already blacklisted r8169 and it is still showing
My ssh server is not responding from outside my network. I have control from inside, but the process times out from outside. any ideas? my ultimate goal is an ssh tunnel for all web traffic.. My ssh server is not responding from outside my network. I have control from inside, but the process times out from outside. any ideas? my ultimate goal is an ssh tunnel for all web traffic.
The port isnt forwarded
I've put one in my router, but it still has the same problem.
Is it forwarded properly?
maybe not. Got some tips?
anyway i can install ET x86 on 64bit ?
well totem movie player and vlc are running on high menory and skipping. video output is really bad. well, totem movie player and vlc are running on high menory and skipping video, ouput is really pathetic ??. well, totem movie player and vlc are running on high menory and skipping/dragging video, ouput is really pathetic ??
What is "AGP fast write" and is it safe to use it under Linux (nVidia card)
back to business.  is that miniupnp thing with authentication?
??? no clue. I only found out it existed about 5 mins ago. Installed it and it is running some kind of configuration. Apparently it will fix my router config so that I can use nicotine.
but do you know what upnp is?. it usually allows unauthenticated clients on your local network to establish a port forward to itself. imo, it's not something you want :)
does anybody know why when i convert MP3's to wav's using mpg321 and then trying to burn them cdrdao tells me the headers are corrupted?. i havent had problems with any of my other mp3's
use mp3burn
ive converted and burned at least 3 cd's, the same exact way. never had any problems. mp3burn doesn't like me
why ?
doesn't see my burner
How do I remove folders from my Places tab?
anyone able to help me get lm-sensors working/
whats the problem?
still getting the hang of linux and i cant get lm-sensors to say anything other than virtual device. and my feet are cold
okay did you install all the lm-sensors dependencies?. this would be the eye candy desklets or screenlets app i take it?
nope, maybe? how?
ok maybe you can first tell me what version of ubuntu u are runing and what app is using the lm-sensors
im running ubuntu server 11.04 and i wanted to see the temps and fan speeds
Hi! I'm experiencing problems with configuring GUFW to allow connections to Transmissions. I've used the preconfigured settings for Transmission in GUFW add rule menu, but Transmission still says the port is closed. What to do?
is there any other router or firewall between you and the internet?
Yes, I have a Buffalo Wireless router.
how to get DNS list when doing ifconfig or other command ?
i need asssistance on how i can access my Western Digital Network Attached Storage Harddrive via ubuntu
what happens when you plug it in?
its already plugged to my router
oh
its a NAS not a USB
does it ping?
what?
how can i get virtualbox PUES in my repos??
once I change my [URL]nf, what do I need to do, restart a service, log, etc?
hi how do i add a user to my server and have him be able to login using a .pem file and not using a password?. i keep getting prompted for the password for some reason
problem while logging out screen appears blank nothing appears in dapper drake
a regular user do not need to be added to "admin" group to have a limited sudo access for command like shutdown ? or all sudo'ers need to be added to admin group for allowing any system commands?
with the default setup, you need to be in "admin" for using sudo. always.
i added a user, with shutdown priviledge only, but I have not added the user to admin group, so it would not work?
how did you give them shutdown privilege?
via visudo.  like usernam ALL=(root)/sbin/shutdown -r now
anyone knows anything about the System map error?
a [URL]p is generally built along with the kernel. have you recently built a new kernel on your machine?
yes
then you can find a [URL]p in the build directory. place it in /boot, preferably renamed to match the current kernel version.
errrm build directory?
where you put the source for the kernel you built :-)
the CD?
did you not build this kernel from source?
yes, from the liveCD. I didn't do it manually
how do you set up subversion server?
For what kind of access?
i just would like to have multiple people working on a website i have and thought it might be good to have svn (or simmilar)
Sure, but, via ssh? HTTP?
either i guess. but http is preferable
ssh is the easy one.
ok
If you have svn installed and they have ssh access, svn+ssh:// will Just Work.
so would you be able to do the ssh way from a windows client?
Yes..  I know that TortoiseSVN supports it, at the very least.
oh well i was gonna use tortoise anyway.  so what do you need to do to set it up?.  ive only ever used it from a clients perspective
Hi, anyone having problems with amarok?. When I start amarok now, it just quits after opening the main window
ribs, i am
Same problem as me?
the ubuntu version is old
it was working for ages, then suddenly did this. even deleteing .kde/share/apps/amarok didn't fix it
hello. i got a problem when i do apt-get dist-upgrade. i receive thousand of update
that is what is meant to happen, an upgrade to the latest distribution updates packages and installs new ones.
but all is stopped by libcups that will be terminate for any strange
how can i get a wireless network device (wlan0) to send a dhclient request by default?
in System->Administration->Networking
manual way? not running gnome.  i got this in my /etc/network/interface: iface wlan0 inet dhcp
and it doesn't do it? if you do ifdown wlan0&&ifup wlan0 ?
yes, that works. :) the problem is it doesn't do that on boot.
is it a pcmcia card?
yes
have you done anything unusual in init.d?
havn't modified it at all. hotplug devices are pulled up, wlan0 find's most suitable AP, just doesn't send dhcp request.
can ubuntu run faster by creating a swap file on a fast flash drive instead of making the typical swap on a hard drive?
generally flash will be slower than hdd
i mean for caching small things
does anyone know if it's possible to get into a terminal during an ubuntu install?
what for ?
I have the ubuntu 11.04 server install can't find /media/cdrom issue
Is there supposed to be a menu in gnome?. I keep seeing references to a main menu but I don't see one in my gnome environment
14.04?
yes new install
And you installed gnome-shell?
not explicitly I just did a normal install
I installed SSH and set up port forwarding and such. I can connect but when I connect over the internet it won't let the user login
define "won't let"
It says access denied, though when I connect over the local network it does it just fine.
i have a ibm thinkpad t20 with a Xircom Mini-PCI V.90 56k Modem, how can i make it work with 7.10?
You want to get it going for dialup?
yes, now i am using ethernet, but the owner live in a place without adsl
Find the modem by going to a terminal and typing dmesg | grep ttyS It should show up as ttyS5 Test in terminal sudo screen /dev/ttyS5.  Your ttys x will be differsnt.  I happen to have a similar xircom here... 10-100-56k
dmesg tells me 00:0c: ttyS0 at I/O 0x3f8 (irq = 4) is a 16550A that should be the serial port
Test in terminal sudo screen /dev/ttyS0 but I dont hink it will be.. that looks like std external serial port
i obtain a blank screen....
type atz.  followed by enter of course
i tried to type atz in screen, but i see nothing, btw i dont know screen
Hi. I'm having trouble finding links to updated tutorials on installing RoundCube. The ones I'm finding talk about localhost/webmail/installer but I don't have an 'installer' directory anywhere.
I'd guess that when you unzip/install the PHP, you would to that to either the /var/www or a virtual host directory. It looks like installer should be in there
Does it matter that I installed RoundCube from my package manager? (apt-get)
I didn't know it was in there. I remember when I installed phpmyadmin from packages it went somewhere most unexpected.
I can access the login interface but when I log in it says 500 internal error and anything I click brings me back to the login screen and says session expired/invalid
you done this? [URL]  which suggest /usr/share/roundcube as the main install dir
I've found that directory, I already created the sym link.
it's possible that installation is complete as part of the config process. So maybe there is no need for a /installer directory ?
I'm going through dpkg-reconfigure roundcube-core right now. This seems to be what I was looking for.
where are most program files?
help guys, i was wondering why firefox is so much slower in linux. switching tabs takes a while
when getting a gnome theme from gnome look which one do I want Metacity?
Metacity is GNOME's window manager, IE: window decoration.
thank you for clearing that up :)
Hi, how could I start an application in another computer and watch it in my pc with ssh? wich one is the command?
your your pc running linux ?. i mean, your local PC
yaeh mine yes
login to the remote system with : ssh -X hostname
the other one is a mac (but "should" be similar)
Bug is reported [URL] now could please somebody fix that shitt ?. somebody fix that man. I need this fix very urgent. My application depends on that fix.. so please fix that ASAP, I don't have much time.. fix it man.. come on!
don't do that
Don't fix that ?. why ?
anybody knows why mplayer dont show in the menu on lucid?
Anyone know any easy way to check how many gigs ive used on my hard drive?
gigs?
gigabytes lol
:).  you can try df -h
ty
anything known about port 3000?
the shields up section at [URL] might know something.
yeah it says a lot of stuff... that do not belong to actual config...
What does 'tcp6 0 341504 198.15.69.170:25568 198.15.69.170:49632 ESTABLISHED' mean in netstat -nt ? What does the '341504' figure mean?
who has to own ~/.config/hexchat? root or user?
no.  dont do stuff as root in your home
so user, so permissions are right
Hello, I want to delete a user that I don't recognize. Under "User Settings", I see the user that I want to delete, but the delete button is not highlighted, and the unlock button is not highlighted either. How can I delete a user then?
if you don't have admin privileges you can not unlock the users
<unconvertable>  It's my machine. <unconvertable>  I have root password
update or install from alternate cd. i use beep media player in powerpc gutsy and no orpblem
I am getting this error while trying to create partition: Error creating partition on /dev/sdb: Command-line `parted --align optimal --script "/dev/sdb" "mkpart logical ext2 4796MiB 5528800255b"' exited with non-zero exit status 1: Error: You requested a partition from 5029MB to 5529MB.. The closest location we can manage is 5029MB to 5529MB.. (udisks-error-quark, 0). [URL]
Does anyone know of any data recovery programs that work on lost linux partitions?
foremost recovers lost files
ya that's all i need to do really. Thanks let me see if I can get that to work.
What Java package does LibreOffice need?
How do you mount a USB internet conection?. Or even a WIFI connection?
depends on the hardware you got. !wifi
a Droid with USB tethering
Hmm, I'm having a fairly frustrating problem with my webserver. I'm using PHP, and firefox wants to save all PHP files instead of opening them.
I'm going to use the LiveCD to boot into Ubuntu 10.10, do I actually need the 10.10 CD, or will a new 11.04 work as well?
Is there special instructions for compiling alsa on ubuntu?
hey. anyoone can help me to edit dependency of *.deb file
Linux [URL] 2.6.9-100.ELsmp #1 SMP Fri Feb 18 01:47:46 EST 2011 i686 GNU/Linux. oops. can you change the console font like you can in Slackware
setupcon -f
now my fonts got thinner. lol. how do i get a list of the fonts. man setupcon ..?
what would cause slow (over 10 minutes) restoration from hibernating?
Hi. Any free file upload service to share debug log files ?
yes such services are known as pastebin and such
i am looking out for uploading
I get whitescreen after I ctrl+alt+backspace and login again..why? :(
alt-ctrl-f2 login and do 'sudo adduser' then alt-f7 to get back to gui and see if that user has same problem
yep same problem
id alt-ctrl-f2 and run sudo dpkg-reconfigure xserver-xorg since it seems to be an x thing not a user config. before that are you using beryl or anything?
yes im using builtin feisty.  compiz*
ah. hmm i had a similar problem that was solved by upgrading version of beryl but that might be a pain on ubuntu. umm are you using nvidia or ati. you might upgrade graphics driver that'd be first thing id try
hrm im using intel drivers..
Where are storage drives usually mounted? Somewhere in /mnt, or /media?
help. bash: ./setup.sh: Permission denied
hmm, question about setting up eggdrop..i used synaptic to install it...for the config file. any ideas where that'd be?
most likely in /etc/eggdrop
merci
I am trying to run: sudo mkdir mnt/sdd but I am getting the message mkdir: cannot create directory `mnt/sdd': Read-only file system. can someone please tell me what I am doing wrong
Are you on a live CD?
no it is a full install of server 10.10 with Desktop GUI installed on top. but I am running this command through SSH
Well, it complains that the fs you are on is read-only. I note that you said mkdir mnt/sdd and not mkdir /mnt/sdd so is your current working dir on some read-only meadia?
Can you offer any advice?. just saw your response :-)
What does pwd say?
it just tells me my current dir
Which is?
/home/user
Any idea why that is suddenly read-only?
if I try sudo mkdir /mnt/sdd then I get the same result. nope not sure. maybe I need to be root?
i am doing a very delicate rsync. and i just want to be sure i have the options right
have you ever checked out rdiff-backup?
well i want to copy one hard drive onto another. and the destination hard drive is empty. i am doing rsync -ax /mnt/hdb/ /mnt/hda/
How exactly does one set up Samba to interact between two hard drives in the same box?
anyone know if a text based browser that handles java pages?
java or javascript?
javascript
there was one on the Debian Package of the Day a few days ago. can;t recall the name
Mirage?
i think so
do most plugins on firefox work the same on linux as in windows? like you don't have to do anything special to install or get them to work?
hey I keep most of my media on a seperate partition, so i have a folder on the desktop called music pointing to the music file, but the link breaks on reboot. If i open the points it mounted on then they work, do i need to add extra mount options?
Ok here is the question that popped my mind; in the menu.lst, hd(#,#) can it be sd(#,#)? or its not possible only written as hd?
i'm seeking an old PCI video card to run 9.10 on. what should i look for or avoid, compatibility-wise? is Voodoo good/bad?
try for a nvidia 7series or higher
as in 7xxx?. 7600, 7900, etc.
This is the build log of module assistant failing to install fglrx Build log starting, file: /var/cache/modass/fglrx-kernel-source.buildlog.2.6.27-3-rt.1229459240. Date: Tue, 16 Dec 2008 20:27:20 +0000. no useful info. can anyone suggest a step I can take to troubleshoot my problem please?
that's a real-time kernel?
yes.  yes it is. rt on hardy worked with fglrx.
hmmm, i don't know much about real-time kernels. i don't know.  what version of the fglrx driver?
what would you do on a normal kernel?.  I dont know. I have tried to install whatever is in the Ibex repo.
i don't think there is an fglrx driver in the Ibex repo... unless they recently added it, because ati only recently cam out with an fgrlx driver that works with kernel 2.6.27. s/cam/came
not this then? [URL]
any one know how can I limit outgoing bandwith in postfix ?. it eat all my bandwith
can mount any drives on ubuntu 10.04
could you explain a bit more ?
my drives are not showing on disk utility or in places bt i can see them on gparted.  its an ntfs file system
try 'sudo mount -a '.  so long as your drives aren't corrupt, you will be able to access them on ubuntu..  any progress ?
i [URL]s says can't find sdb2 in /etc/fstab or /etc/mtab
do you have more than one HDD ?
i have 2
k, how many partitions ?
only one on that hard drive
my ubuntu wont start in unity interface..earlier it did well. please help
which release?
how to check.  how to check that?
hi everyone, my "file" command only ever gives the error message "file: could not find any valid magic files!". man pages says magic.mgc file is in anaconda folder: anaconda3/share/misc/magic.mgc. anyone have any suggestions?
What does `file /bin/sh` say?
hi chai, thanks for the response. it gives the same error message. it always just says "file: could not find any valid magic files!" no matter what file I apply it on
What does `which file` say?
anaconda3/bin/file, it uses the anaconda distro. well ~/anaconda3/bin/file
You might get better help in #python or something like that..  Assuming that Anaconda is the Python distribution.
aye it is. it seems weird to me that a core linux command like file would use a version that comes with anaconda, but I suppose it has to do with the python magic libs I use. anyway, thanks for the advice, I will try
I just installed Ubuntu 15.04 and coming from a Mac as my desktop, I can open spotlight and search for an installed app. When I open the unity search bar by just tapping the Super key, I can type 'calc' and calculator is never an option. But if I hit ubuntu button and type that, it shows a bunch of application results. What am I missing?
gnome terminal is still using bash even though I ran chsh /usr/bin/zsh do I need to relogin for this to change?
try 'xterm -ls' it may only change for your login shell.
that also used bash
yea.. noticing that also. :P.  not sure what the deal is. heh.. make a new profile that runs the shell ya want. I perfer the 'fish' shell myself.. chsh changes the user login shell. This determines the name of the users initial login command..  try it at the console.. it used the new shell there for me. :P
I figured it out. I'm running zsh as a custom command rather than my shell
I need help setting up VNCServer with a changed port. I have completely screwed up my vnc install. I have files from some guides that probably may be interfering with correct setups. I need someone to hold my hand and help me fix this.
Is there a tool I can use to monitor total monthly bandwidth?
When update-grub is run, my /boot/grub/menu.lst looks fine. But when I boot, it's different. My /boot is a separate partition. Any ideas?
you probably have a /boot on each partition and you're seeing one, then the other?
Feels like that, but I don't understand how I can examine the situation. Can I list /boot in my root partition without unmounting /boot?
what do you mean 'list'?
I'd like to know if I have another menu.lst in my root-partition before /boot is mounted
i guess you could boot to a live cd, then look at your partitions that way.  is that wahat you meant?
Sounds fair, yes. Just thought there would be another way. It's an lvm partition so it'd take a while..  I'm going to experiment some with grub, feels like it's booting from wrong partition in some way. Not good.
hi i get "I/O error on device sr0" at the end of installation ? What should i do?
question. what is "sudo nano"?. what would that do?
what is the latest flash?
type about:plugins into firefox's address bar and see what version you've got
9.0 r124.  how come i can view all videos except the ones on facebook?.  i can view the ones on facebook like 4 days ago. how to install flash 10 properly?
sudo apt-get --reinstall install flashplugin-installer
do i need to uninstall 9 first?
how did you install 9? outside the repos?
long time ago. and i installed version 10. but somehow couple days ago version is back. i dont know why. do i do this 1st: sudo apt-get remove flashplugin-nonfree. then close ff and this? sudo dpkg -i sudo dpkg -i [URL]b
Hey. How can I upgrade FluxBox?
Download the package with synaptic.  Then select it from the sessions list on the logon screen
I already have FluxBox.  0.9.14
In that case, just start the package manager and hit update
Wanted to know how can I upgrade since I get this 0 upgraded, 0 newly installed, 0 to remove and 0 not upgraded..  I did that's what I got 0 upgraded, 0 newly installed, 0 to remove and 0 not upgraded.
i installed Amarok, which also installed a bunch of dependencies. How can I now remove these dependencies and Amarok?
So,. Does anyone know?. Just to make sure... "Hey is there any type of bittorent indexing software I can put on my webserver?"
i know this isn't ubuntu specific, but which pairs from cat5/ethernet are actually needed? is it the orange and blue?
I'm having a really strange problem. I can't ls my /media directory, it hangs. I can cd to any directory and there and ls those, but not /media Any ideas?
Do you have any NFS mounts in /media?
no, but I had sshfs. It seemed to stop after that
Is sshfs a remote file syste?
yes, it mounts a connection to a directory on an ssh server
My cached memory is ALWAYS maxed out... Kernel + apps takes 26% of memory Cached 73% :| is that normal?
can someone please help me with installing java?
sure, what problems are you having?
i just can't install it...something about no such file/directory
huh?
i tried using the synaptics package manager, i installed the java package there, and it didn't work. so i tried using sudo, and following java's instructions. didn't work
let's try installing it from the command line.  using apt
apt?
advanced packaging tool.  it's what synaptic uses in the background.  so, open up a terminal
ok
then type in sudo apt-get install sun-java6-jre
hm..something's working. but how would i know that if i never used this forum and asked people lol. what if i tried to follow java's instructions?
Does anybody know what is the POSIX equivalent of this command? echo "body_text" | mailx -s "subject" -S smtp-use-starttls -S ssl-verify=ignore -S smtp-auth=login -S smtp=[URL]:587 -S from="email_address" -S smtp-auth-user=email@[URL] -S smtp-auth-password="pass" -S ssl-verify=ignore receiving_email_address. It seems the -S option is not conform posix.
how do you tell Xorg how much video memory your device has (ATI Radeon 9800 pro using the fglrx drivers)?
there's VideoRam option under the card definition, see man radeon
I have Driver "fglrx" right now, is there a reason I should use radeon instead?
no, I don't have an ati, man fglrx will have the info as well, I assume
hmm it doesn't.... it says "radeon" only supports 2D for my card...
that was only an example
man gflrx doesn't exist...
lol, I guess it's not ubuntan, is it :)
ubuntan?
Hello. My screen usually freezes when resuming from a screen saver, but I can switch to cli with cntrl+alt+f#. What can I do to recover the screen?
hello, I have Intel HDA sound chip with compiled ALSA, everything seems fine but I don't have sound. there are not error or warning message in the logs
did you compile ver 15 or 16
16
alright i tried hitting esc as the system booted and i got a menue that has the options run from usb install on machine check memory and boot from first harddisk, i also have boot options the boot options under install from usb already have something written in them. can i erase what is uder run from usb and type whatever it takes to run in compatibility mode
if you can remove quiet and splash from the boot options u will get some error reporting
i saw splash in there but not quiet. i remembered that when i was running that system on linux mint live usb i had to boot in compatibility if tha helps
hey I run a KDE application on my Gnome. My question is, is there a way to make the font of the toolbars bigger?
which should i choose for the firewall to monitor! the ppp0 or the eth1 ?
eth1 is likely to be an ethernet RJ45 connection
nessieliberation, well my cable is plugged into the ethernet card.. though wht im askign is which one should i choose for the firewall to monitor!. nessieliberation , should it b the ppp0 or eth1 !
load a system monitor, and see which one moves. chances are it might be both
nessieliberation , yup its loadded allready and ur right! both of them are moving
Hello all i was wondering how do i create a new uid from commandlineK i want to create a uid begining with a number but its forbidden to do threw the gui for some reason.
hello, i'm getting this error since 2 days ago on xubuntu 14.04 >> lightdm-gtk-greeter crashed with SIGSEGV in gdk_window_focus
do you get a blank screen after the error?
no, just after login i receive that error and appears the bug window "aport.." to send a notification crash.. but i continue without problems just on login
Does anyone know why sticking wiz ALL = NOPASSWD: /etc/init.d/personal-script under root in "sudo visudo" still asks for a password when i do sudo /etc/init.d/personal-script restart. ?
A wine-game has changed the resolution of one of my dualview monitors. Is there a way to get it back to normal without the hastle of an x-restart?
Evening all.. How would my friend check if CPU scaling is working on his laptop?
cat /proc/cpuinfo
Will that tell him what it's doing right now, or just what it could do?
hey can someone help me out with some wifi stuff ?. I am trying to get ipw2100 working with a PRO/Wireless 2200BG card
-> is the driver for it loaded? what does it show iwconfig ?
I need to install the driver.  - you still there ?
hey...there's something wrong with my nvidia driver or card.....it was working fine till now when my screen just suddenly started showing weird colors and pixels...whats wrong??
: check your cable connection
what has the cable got to do with my display?
hello. When I run video, it is dark. How I can reinstall all codecs?
hi guys, were can i get info about ubuntu backports??????. i need backports for feisty
what sort of info ?.  enable the backports repo and try to update
how i enable the repo? what address has it?
open system --> admin --> software sources manager and just enable the backports repo in that
i'm remotelly connected to a server :).  maybe just feisty-backports ?
then edit /etc/apt/[URL]st by hand
aha.  and?
I know I'm not supposed to repeat my question every few minutes if nobody responds, what's the optimal alternative? I don't mind being patient, just don't want to wait 1/2 hour if nobody saw my question. Thanks.
what is your problem
I was messing with update-motd, and it stopped working. I cleared motd, and later rebooted the server, but the motd won't come back. no error messages that I'm aware of.
np =).  motd for ssh or local session?
ssh.  haven't tried local yet, should I?
how do I show the IP-numer instead of URL in Firefox?
there is a /dns command available in more irc clients, you can use that '/dns [URL]'
no in firefox
when replying to someone, its best to use their nick in your response, so they can see your reply
sure
it'll be one application i'll run with, preferably, BASH. i'm hoping I can fit all this on say... an 8 MB flash card
well lfs would be good b/c you can make it to do exactly that program if it is to be embedded
ahhhh, I see
so it is not embedded?
well, it will be embedded
then lfs would make it simple and easy
cool ;). how much space you think I can fit it in?
kinda drawn out but it will be *perfect* for _you_.  depends on drivers and such daemons
no daemons, remember?. no video drivers. a sound driver. no USB drivers. and no PS/2 drivers
Why is it that when I ask for a dhcp address 127.0.1.1 responds? Is there a way to make it recieve it from the server every time?
can you explain your problem once more?
I'm trying to figure out why dhcp addresses are not going to certain switches. When i run dhclient, I'm getting the dhcpack from 127.0.1.1 (I'm not running a server), and I assume it's getting it from a local cache (already wiped /var/lib/dhcp3/).
you run dhclient and get an address? I don't understand what this has to do 'with certain' switches
Heh, sorry i'm explaining it poorly. I'm trying to figure out if a port from each switch can get an ip address from the dhcp server. But my dhcpacks are coming from 127.0.1.1, so I can't tell which one is working
Anyone here use SARA? My make always fails here -> [URL]
Hi, I'm looking for a GTK-based GTD (Get Things Done) app for Linux. I used to use Things on Mac, but having transferred from Mac to Ubuntu I'm not sure what to use.
I'm having a problem with sound. When ever I listen to any music (on any media player) or watch any video (even youtube) the sound starts to skip and jump around. What would cause this, and how could I fix it?
do you know which driver you are using, alsa, oss?
Alsa
under preferences->sound do you have multiple choices for each dropdown?
"HDA Nvidia (analog)" "HDA Nvidia (digital)" "Pluseaudio"
I have a problem getting my apache server working on the internet. I can access it on localhost and through lan, but not outside.
Did you forward everything that comes in on port 80 to your webserver ?
- yes, i do. Through my router
Try connecting your computer directly to the internet.  If you are able to connect via LAN, it seems like a router mis-configuration
- can't. i have a combined router/modem.  - well, i did exactly as when i configured my ssh, and that worked
Okay. What do a "traceroute <host>" show ? (pastebin, please).  From outside your network
- i don't have any machines outside my network.
Ah, that's why! :).  You have to enable a special feature in your router if you are trying to access your server from within your network on a public IP / domain.  What's your domian/IP ?
- [URL]
Hm, no. That dosn't work.  What's the IP ?
- or [URL]
Maybe you misconfigured DNS
- 213.64.134.153
Okay, looks right - weird..
- you are not getting any webpage served, right?
But again, the webserver is accessible through LAN ?.  Nope, no web page is being displayed
- yes
And 213.64.134.153 is YOUR ip, right ? Not some redirector, dyndns or what ever
- Nope, that's the ip to my router.
where can I find support for open suse>>
#opensuse #freenode google, [URL]
What irc server?
Hi, just noticed that I have tmpfs twice in breezy when I do df -h?
how can I get the INF file out of an hp service pack thats EXE?
Hi - did the Hoary upstream version freeze occur as expected today?
for some reason my monitor jumps into standby mode every 20min, anyone know how to turn this off?
So I know this channel says it's for official ubuntu releases, but is there a place I can go to ask about installing other types of linux? Or does anyone know anything about what's up with the "Furry Remixes"?. I'm mostly just curious about whether it's just like wallpapers and stuff or if it's actually a different OS
Can anyone take a look at this [URL] I am trying to get a custom kernel installed and it fails when I am trying to install the debian package..
i have same problem, and i use --force-all option on dpkg -i
are you installing the 2.6.29-4 kernel?
that debian systems probasbly needs something more, like nvidia driver or something
it cant be that simple lol.  are you using kernelcheck to compile yours?
i tried 2.6.29, for somereason it didnt work so i still run 2.6.28.? something.  make oldconfig, make-kpkg ...
but you had a problem installing 2.6.29?
i have had that problem sine 2..28.3
AWESOME, the --force-all option worked.. its going thru the config..
it fails on some post-install process.  and keep old kernel there too
what "make oldconfig" is that were your problem was?
what is kernelcheck
kernelcheck is a piece of software that Master Kernel wrote to auto download and compile kernels (newbie friendly).  is it safe to get rid of everything in /usr/src even my current kernel headers?
I've been having problems with a built in sd card reader. using dual operating systems, hardy heron and win xp. HH will not recognize sd cards when they are put into the reader, xp will. any suggestions?
what is the make and model of the laptop (I assume a laptop)
yeah laptop, it is a fujitsu, mg75k
installer36: Man I am trying my best to get this thing up, but I am apparently not as good on computers as I used to think I was. heh
> at least your trying I have not attempted that ye
installer336: at least now I am doing the IRC on the server, and not through the live CD on my laptop. heh
anyone wanna help me with my wireless issue? its not that it dosent work, it'll ping, but i cant get it to use it to connect
do you have a router
yes
Hello, im looking to stop the NetworkManager daemon in 14.04 but it keeps poping back up. Anyone know how i can stop this process in a way that will allow me to start it when im ready?
sudo service Network-Manager stop ... not working ?
no bootstrap in init.d, first place i looked
try sudo service NetworkManager stop
Sure thing, ill let you know how it goes.  output: 'NetworkManager: unrecognized service'
ps -A | grep NetworkManager
Have a running process, output: 2523 ? 00:00:00 NetworkManager
ok so I'm trying to install vbox 2.1.0 so I added the software source and did sudo apt-get install virtualbox-2.1 which worked ifne. fine*. but now I can't start it. virtualbox and virtualbox-2.1 do nothing
dont forget to install the kernel modules
I did
ok. then i have no idea.
do I need virtualbox-ose?
that's an older version of vbox
I'm using non-free. ok
after updating today (edgy), the firewall is left down due to an error in the update! when manually $ sudo /etc/init.d/firestarter start, i get the following: eth1: error fetching interface information: Device not found. this is bad, the firewall is down due to an update bug!
: type ifconfig -a and see if you have your ethernet cards
obviously as i am chatting here on the same computer with you
eth1 is available  ?
there's just eth0 though.  i can't remember for sure, but i think i have a faulty eth0, so there should just be eth1
what is a good GPU overclock utility for dedicated Intel cards?
not even worth trying.  pretty sure intel GPUs are locked to the system bus too, so i doubt it's an option
can i force the boost to be enable at will. *enabled
desktop?
mobile
that's a terrible, terrible idea. no ideas if you can
damn. well thanks anyways. could I try to use and MSR intel utility to alter the gpu clock?
hi is it possible to pair pc with phone via buetooth, and listen on pc music from phone - using pc as stereo headset?
does anyone here uses easytag?
A little. Not very fond of it though.
well, mine isn't working at all from months to now. why don't u use it?
Ok, everything keeps saying to uninstall flash, completely and reinstall. So i assume im not uninstalling it correctly.. Can anyone walk with me through uninstall and install flash, since im a dumb noob
did really no one assign a file type by hand? I have no idea what's wrong or how to check it
hey guys, trying to use SAMBA to connect my 3rd HD on linux to a windows XP , when i try to access the HD from windows, its asking for a Username and password, how do i set this ??
Hi I am new to ubuntu .. I have installed it on my dell inspiron 6400 .. everything seems good except audio .. can anyone help
explain the issue in detail please
.. I am trying to play some music files .. but dont hear sound
is the audio muted? click on the sound icon in the panel
.. when i click on the sound icon - gnome-volume-control -- it just says "waiting for sound system to respond"
ok. open up a terminal window, and then type in alsamixer
.. done .. what do you want me to check there
how did u find someone's IP like that?. nessie
I hate kernel upgrades. I have to recompile so much stuff everytime I upgrade my kernel. itis annoying. you sure it doesn't say edit /etc/modules
Yep..  for adding aliases
aliases are in modules.d I think. let me check. modprobe.d even. yeah they are in /etc/modprobe.d
Ah, great
whatcha installing?. probably pop3
Does anyone have troubleshooting advice for extremely slow bcm43xx wireless? (Dapper) I got it working using the nickm's howto on [URL], but it is extremely slow and i haven't been able to find a solution.
it's limited to 11 Mbps
I realize that, but it's extremely slow as in bringing up google takes 2 or 3 minutes.
a friend says ubuntu's color scheme is too warm, bad for the eyes. i hope this is not true...
What do I need to do to be able to install LVM/encrypted fs using DESKTOP cd and *NOT* alternative?
the next version :(.  it's not yet supported
Could you explain what you just said? What isn't supported yet? What doesn't support what is supported?
the regular installer doesn't yet support LVM/LUKS in natty
Thank you . How can I connect to the internis.et via my wireless card? I am unable to use the alternate cd because of th
Hello, I want to completely disable "Unattended Upgrades" in my laptop, sometimes when I open the lid after suspension the very first thing it does is go and start checking them, I have disabled "Automatic check for updates" in Synaptic, but it seems that it still checks for the unnatended upgrades because I can see the command running in conky taking up the CPU cycles, should I just remove the package "unattended-upgrades"? Thanks...
how can i copy the text from nano to pastebin?
anyone knows about a good file sharing webserver program?
what should i do when this hapen ? ----> mount: /media/cdrom0 is not a block device
flip /dev/devicename and /media/devicename in the command
what i do was , ---> mount -t iso9660 /media/cdrom0 /***.iso
Hi all. Can I share a swap partition between 2 or more linux installations? Thanks.
How do I connect to a Window 7 network share whose user doesn't have a password with Nautilus?
open a nautilus window, then hit CTRL+l to get the abbility to type your locations, then type smb://WINDOWSSHARE
did that and it just tells me "could not be found", but so quickly that I don't really think it actually tried...
did you connect to it by name, or IP? also, can other computers on the network connect to that share?
i don't have any other computer to try with, unfortunately. I tried by name, and the name is pingable. trying by IP yields the same result though.
Like, I can still ping my server but I can't access the web pages.. when that service is on.
fail2ban will log what it is finding (by default, INFO level). You can look at the logs to find out what is going on.  alternatively, you can raise the log level to gather more information
it must have been because I tried logging in too many times? I mean I thought it was supposed to return an error if I do that. is that normal for fail2ban? Like to just not even respond with anything?. if I try too many attempts that is. What's the normal behaviour supposed to be?
usually fail2ban will issue a DROP command if you over-try something it is monitoring
so DROP as in drop the socket connection to the server?
Then don't trust them, it's not like you're being forced to. You can be lazy and use apt, or not. The user has the freedom
how can i configure conky?. i have got a configuration file. how can i use it?
`man conky` should give you the information you seek
i have just done, but i don't understand
sudo restart ssh. restart: Unable to connect to Upstart: Failed to connect to socket /com/ubuntu/upstart: Connection refused. what does that mean?
hello. i'm having trouble with hibernate on 14.10 it's mysteriously broken (was working fine before i re-partitioned / new swap)
The only way partitioning would interfere with hibernating is if your swap is smaller than your RAM.
yes, i am aware of that
Logs?
nothing in logs but it does automatically open up a problem report after the reboot.  many fields in the problem report Details. one of them is "Problem Type: KernelOops"
so i noticed that when i have xchat set to start in my 'startup applications' it won't start with the system tray icon. do apps load differently when ran from "applications startup' ? i know they're ran through terminal but... i don't quite get it
in theory it should not but in this case it is probably because by putting it there xchat ends up starting before the notification area has been created
d'aw.. that makes sense..  probably nothing I can do, right? besides just starting xchat manually
hmm there is a hackish solution that might work, then there is patching xchat ...
lets start with the hackish solution :P
how can i close the X session?
what do you mean
I mean, get to a shell without having X running on another
hey there guys. I need a sfv checker but I cant find any. can someone help me out?
hi. do i need to change any UEFI setting while only doing live mode testing ?
hi could someone please help me with my postfix problem . I spent days trying to figure this out without any solution . I have postfix working accepting mails for hosted domains but I cant sent mails for hosted domains !! Please HElpp
what error(s)?
i get a RCPT access denied. the funny thing is I can receive mails for hosted domains
im using gnome: at top bar there is more stuff that i need. but when i right click them "Remove from panel" and "Move" are not usable. why is that?. im using gnome: at top bar there is more stuff that i need. but when i right click them "Remove from panel" and "Move" are not usable. why is that?
Can anyone please recommend me a Live CD that can fix the MBR after deleting Linux/Ubuntu partitions so that you can boot Windows XP alone?
if restoring the Windows MBR is what you really want to do, then you can practically boot up Ubuntu 11.10 live CD or USB, either is fine.. And then this command "sudo dd if=/usr/lib/syslinux/mbr.bin of=/dev/sda" should restore it back.. Considering that the hard drive your Windows is in the first hard disk in the first place (/dev/sda)
I am actually in the Ubuntu 10 Live CD right now. And yes the first sda is the windows
then you just have to issue the command I gave you earlier.. So I take it Windows is in /dev/sda1 partition, and inside the /dev/sda disk, right?
Correct and I just issued the command. Done!. It said 0+1 records in. 0+1 records out 404 bytes copied..  I'm going to reboot now and see if it worked.
How does Ubuntu run with 2GB RAM, better than windows 8?
Yep
And better than widnows 7?
Yep
So ubuntu needs less ram than windows.
Yep
Does Ubuntu use about as much ram as windows XP?
i've tried a lot of things to get this usb key to boot. nothing is working for me
how do I get jack to start on start up?
: otherwise it'll be crontab
sessions has nothing about adding a script on startup, and I don't know the command anyway :/
Hi, how do I find out how my Network card is called?
"ifconfig"?
thx
hey i got some problem with my laptop. when i close it it dont go to sleepmode. it only break down !
I do have the same problem
what graficcard to you have ?. i got the intel gma
an ATI
hmmm
I changed my root partition since install. When a new kernel package gets installed, my grub config gets changed to point to the old partition. Where is the setting that dpkg looks at so I don't have to change the config after each kernel install?
hi guys, i'm trying to make a file and it fails on missing gtk/gtk.h --> what is the package for lib gtk dev? I can't seem to find one in apt-cache search
probably something like libgtk-dev. do `aptitude search libgtk`
i'm doing apt-cache search libgtk and i don't see anything, do not have aptitude but i doubt that would make a difference?
If I write /list I just find one Ubuntu-channel, so there got to be more. Where can I find every channel on Freenode?
theres a whole pile of them.. thousands i imagine
I'm looking for a special XBOX-channel, but I can't find any.
zambezi.... if its a group or club or something, google it
It's there a channel for xbox-scene?
zambezi look it up on their website... or google it.. #ubuntu is not the index of freeNode.
But I don't know where too look. This is homemade applications.
[URL]
It's on another network.
how can I force ubuntu to start me an init script ini /etc/init.d on boot time?
what is the shortcut keys to jump between workspaces in gnome?
is there an email client for linux that has a web interface to access the locally stored emails from a remote system once they have been downloaded and deleted from the server, kinda like mutt but using a web browser
is there a package for a realtime kernel or something?
Yes
whats its name?
hi I'm looking on this page [URL] for a distro for an intel 64bit but I can only see amd 64. How can I get a intel 64 bit distro?
hey. my sound is totaly messed up i want to restat my driver however it looks like i don't have /etc/init.d/alsa-utils any idea what i should use?. i only have alsa-store and alsa-restore
i have a problem apt-get upgrade hangs on "Building dependency tree... 50%" i tried apt-get clean but it doesn't help
I get no action from boot .... no boot. skips down to windows disk and starts windows...
the bootloader does start?
no. no bootloader
can i create some kind of template files in /etc/skel that would be "compiled" when doing useradd?
in my sudoers file there is entry: www-data ALL=(ALL) NOPASSWD: /sbin/iptables -t nat -A PREROUTING -p tcp|udp but it doesn't work, when i try to add this rule with -p tcp it prompts me for password, -p [tcp|udp]* works but it's not exactly what i need
hi, does someone know if xubuntu comes with uvc webcam drivers by default just as ubuntu. ?. hello, does someone know if xubuntu comes with the uvc webcam drivers just as ubuntu does?
how the heck you get "/usr/java/jre1.5.0/plugin/i386/ns7/"?
Would anybody know why I get a blank screen while booting, but the log-on screen still appears after?
what point in the boot process does the screen go black? it might be usplash
after grub.  it works fine when I use recovery mode, so I guess its something to do with the splash screen being our of sync?
Recently installed a new 250GB SATA drive, formatted as one FAT32 partition. When I try to add an entry for it in FSTAB, I get a "mount: special device /dev/sda1 not found" error on boot. I can mount it manually, but it is owned by root, and read-only for my user account. I can't chown or chmod it to me. What should I do?
Hello. Was wondering if there is anyone that has a good understanding of Security Onion? Not Trolling here just a student looking to get some help
I have a problem, I install the ubuntu 5.10 now, but I forget my "root" user password. What can I do? I don't want reinstall the system. Any idea?
use a livecd and reset it from there
how?
I have a question, my headphones only work when the jack is only plugged in partially, and even then the sound comes out of my laptop speakers AND the headphones any ideas?
sounds like broken hardware prob the headphones
they work fine in windows and my fiance's mac.  I actually had the same issue with a previous pair of headphones
so you claim that its software while all you do is move the headphone plug around ?.  maybe your hardware is not supported ?
i suppose that's a possibility, but I can't help but think its a software issue as I use these headphones on windows fully plugged in without any issue....
yeah so thats weird
i'm running this on asus g60vx
Hi what does a pci allocation error mean during boot up?
And when I try to remove network-manager it's wanting to install WAY more stuff than I think it should or want it to!. Help plz! :)
phone dialer like application in ubuntu
goto synaptics kpp.  goto synaptics kpp
I am looking for an application with which I can make and receive calls on my laptop
how come there are no email clients on Ubuntu that can work with Exchange
Aaargh, alsaconf has been REMOVED?. AAArgh, now how am I supposed to set the sound cards' IDs?
if i want to change the ownership of a directory to root will "chown root:root FOLDER" will sufice?
for that directly only; if you want to recurse to the files and so forth it contains, add -R
will it affect mailing?
Hi there. Spell checker doesn't seem to be working on my ubuntu 12.04.1 LTS. There's no read underline or something whenever i type wrong.. I forgot to mention. It's in Libre Office.
what locale are you using.  for spellcheck to work, make sure you have the hunspell packages for your locale installed
how to check it ? I think it's English(India) under Tool > Language > For Selection in Libreoffice
It doesnt seem like there are any hunspell packages for en-in
It's still not working after installing hunspell packages
If you change the document language to en-Us ?
After changing to en-US it's still not working.
heeeelp. i get FATAL: Module snd_seq_oss not found.
I get that error too when typing "modprobe snd_seq_oss", that is normal
how can i get it working?
looks like you are using an old tutorial. What are exactly trying to do?
install tuxguitar
installing it or using it?
install then use.  if i start it i get /dev/sequencer: No such file or directory
I get the same error, its irrelevant. Could it be, that tuxguitar is working properly but you just don't get sound?
well, the whole point of tuxguitar is to get sound, otherwise it's useless, every once in a while instalation succeds and i get working sound but i don't know why it wont work now.  i'm pretty sure it has something to do with the missing modules
I dont think so, that issue is usual and also happens to me on every new computer. Start tuxguitar, go in the tuxguitar settings and tell me your settings under "Sound"
tuxguitar sequencer (should have real sequencer in there), midi through port (should have java sequencer in there)
Unable to fetch some archives, maybe run apt-get update or try with --fix-missing?
anyone here know of a "bash2html" type of program? something similar to code2html
Anyone know how to change what the system understands as the control key ?
I believe xbindkeys
so there's no system wide way to do it?
well on gnome you can go to system/preferences/keyboard.  then Layouts tab and then click "Options" button on the bottom
thats what I'm using (gnome) but I can't find the setting
Hello, channel. I'm having a little trouble with an external USB hard drive. It's fat32 and I can mount it fine as vfat, but once mounted no one but root can write to it, and even root can't seem to change perms on anything. How can I set perms on it so that anyone can write to it?
got a similar problem with my internal data drives, working on the fix now...........just need to know what a few options are before I try it on a spare drive
I'm going to try to reformat as fat16 and see if it works any better.
Hello everyone, I need some help determening wich version of Ubuntu 8.04 i need to get (x86 or 64Bit)
32bit procosseor or 64bit?
Yea im not sure, i know ive had issues with this laptop before.
how old is the lap top? and it's probably 32bit.  also people that have a 64bit prossor that get the 64bit Ubuntu tend to then get problems with Flash and stuff
Its pretty old, its a Compaw NX9010
ok well I am pretty sure it's 32bit
Looking up the specs it does state the processor as:
if it's pretty old it is very likely to be 32bit yes
Intel Mobile Pentium 4 3.06 GHz.  But even then im not really sure what to make of that :)\
what OS are you using at the moment?
XP :(
yes put the 1386 version of Ubuntu on it :).  you can try it from a Live CD if you haven't already
Yea i should do that. Thanks for your time. ill hit up the 86x and let you know how it went once installed
can the ubuntu iso, be used with dd to usb boot?
Does anyone know how to make a clickable shortcut to execute an sh file?
"add launcher" I think i9s what you want
I tried that, but I'm not sure what to put for 'command'.
anyone know how to bypass the following error? can not mount /dev/loop0 (/cdrom/casper/filesystem.squashfs) on //filesystem.squashfs
casper, squashfs... a live session?
from .iso to do an install
on a cd or thumbdrive?
on cd
maybe there's something wrong with the cd?
checksum are verified correctly.
and can you launch the live session?
same error with live session
ok, and has is worked before, or is this the first try?. it*
same error with my laptop, had to install using usb, but i dont have the usb drive any more.
if the cd gives errors on both systems, i'd say it's due to the cd
i remember when i was installing it on my laptop, someone in here said something about my bios isnt set right or that the installer doesnt read sata drives that well.
there you have it, but i cannot give advice on that. ah, 'someone' said, it's not a bios error you're getting?
not a bios but looks like a mounting error
would etx3 be a suitable file system to use as a samba share to windows?
sure
anything I should know before hand? as in possible limitations or hangups?
i have a 1680x1050 resolution, would best practice be to create a VM, install a screencasting app in the VM and record inside?
i would record outside, not inside the vm.  that's how i recorded the ones on [URL]/
but i have such a huge resolution. i want the panels to be visible but panning seems inconvenient. i dont think it'd be convenient to shrink to fit a smaller video size either. what should i do?
which library to install for the package 'lua'? i searched in synpatic and it gives lots of result but which one to install?. ??
I want to install GTK+ 3.0 through command line. what would be the appropriate apt-get install command?
question : I try to install ubuntu 7.10 from an usb cdrom wich is not able to boot, the alternate distr. , anyone has a clue wich /dev is the USB cd-rom or I must to install some drivers ?
Help with configuring 'samba server' using to computers for networking....any suggestions?. does samba need to be installed on both computers?
a client for samba does on one. server on other. ! samba
great inform...etc...thanks
hmmm question on keybindings. i have the usual ctrl-shift-arrows for switching desktops, checked it in the settings. so what could be conflicting and making that not work?
anyone know of a BT client for linux other than azureus ?
i just installed ubunntu and i get grub error 17, /boot is on /dev/sda1, swap on /dev/sda2 and root is /dev/sda4, this harddisk is on a promise raid fasttrack controller, does anyone know how to fix this error 17 grub gives me?
have you looked at the /boot/grub/menu.lst file?
i cant because when i try to mount /dev/sda1 with is /boot it says device is not removable and could not execute pmount.  bak
hey all. is it that hard to connect to the internet via wireless connection?. My friend is trying to connect using ubuntu, but he can't, he called me. and asked about the steps he should do.. any advice?
it depends
on what friend
how to disable totem-video-thumbnailer because its eating cpu
is that what's eathing your cpu ?. not a rootkit
sometimes it this process starts and eat the process but other times there is n't clear process doing that , so I wanna disable that one to narrow the discovery
how did you get the previous malware/bad application ?
long story please I don't wanna talk about it,sorry
how can i redirect wget o/p ex =>wget 'www.c.com/read.html' to directory content
can you clarify that?
in current directory i have sub directory called x ,wget 'someurl' o/p of wget should be stored in x directory
try using the -P parameter and specify a directory like: wget -P x www.c.com/read.html
no i don't want wget to save the files in directory(host) from which it was run
anyone know the command to start smbd and nmbd?. anyone know the command to start smbd and nmbd?
sudo /etc/init.d/samba start. !breezy
will that start all the daemons?
that should start smbd and nmbd.  you can take a look inside; (try 'less /etc/init.d/samba') -- i think it starts nmbd first
it said failed. lol
then perhaps your config file is broken
lol
you did remember the 'sudo', right?
i was in root terminal
try 'restart' instead of start.  you can use 'testparm' to check your samba config file
i did. it said ok. and restart passed
ah, so it was running already
yes but not working.  my windows machine still wont recognize this comp.  do a lot of people have problems with this?
on my ubuntu-server i want to automount my external hard-drive when I connect or when my server boots and they drive is connected
put it in /etc/fstab to mount it at boot time. if you want it to automount when you connect it you will need to create a udev rule I think...
Thanks  I will look up the udev rule, duh! dont know why the fstab didnt strike me
I haven't done it myself but should be in /etc/udev/rules.d
Cool!!, thanks again.  have a question. what happens if the drive is not connected when the server boots and fstab entry is present
then you can mount it normally.
but would tbe boot fail?. i mean would the server still boot up?
nWhen I try to connect to my VNC Server via: Java Applet in the Browser, I get, a quick black screen flash then [URL]legalStateException: Old input was not completely processed howcome
does it work with a proper vnc client app?
Umm one sec let me check.  Yes it does my friend
then java or your browser are to blame.  what OS / browser / java are you running on the client system?
Ubuntu 8.10 / Firefox / Java5
64bit or 32bit?
64bit. I think it is anyways, how would I check
has anyone had problems with only getting 1024x768 resolution with ati cards
So anyoen get HDMI audio working yet?
-> is HDMI even supported yet in linux?
video, yes. audio im not sure. my HDMI video is perfect. I've tried everyhting to setup audio with nvidia but no luck. so im hoping HH fixes that
hi I am tring to run ubunta and I am not sure if I am burninig the cd right I am using kb3 any one
if you put the cd in your computer and reboot, starhawk1, and it boots into ubuntu then it works.  and double check your BIOS is booting from the cdrom
thats just it it isnt working
question: i installed printer-drivers, do i need to reboot system get things workin?. question: i installed printer-drivers(apt-get install cupsomatic-ppd), do i need to reboot system get things workin?
Anyone know of a gnome-shell extension that makes the search in overview function more like gnome-do?. If the kernel is almost "rolling stable", then the DRI libraries should be as well...
not a gs extension no, but if you want to go that route, why not install an omnilauncher like synapse or albert etc. straight-away?
well I got gnome-do now - albert I haven't tried. Does it have an equivilant in OS X? Because I feel like I remember that name...
you might be mixing that with alfred, i don't know OS X to tell whether they're related :).  synapse is in the repo's, for albert you'll need a PPA --> [URL]
ooo - I always like to try out new things :D THat's why I'm running Ubuntu 17.04 now. I'm kind of impressed that Ubuntu is probably the only distro that currently supports flatpaks, snaps and appimages... I've tried elementary, solus, fedora, opensuse, endless os.... or 17.10, I mean... artful
i personally like albert a lot, very configurable via plugins, impressive feature set .. yes you're right, for experimenters Ubuntu has taken on new life
I'm kind of excited... I'd like to advocate Linux to common users, but one big barrier to entry is the complexity of actually obtaining software....  if snaps, flatpaks and appimages run stable, across the board, you could choose any distro you'd want, and get your third party apps directly from the vendors website :D. At least that's what I'm hoping....  craaaaap... mono -.-
you need stereo?
no, I mean alfred - it downloaded a crapton of mono dependencies.  cus like a genius I downloaded Alfred and not Albert xD. g'doy
ah wait, i hate mono myself, you might get away with the --no-recommends switch when installing, let me check.  lol
this os x app had a similar name, like a typical name of a buttler. So I thought "alfred"....  ...which would be a better name... I'm Batman~!.  o - qt5 :P
only some qt dependencies yes
yeah, but that's fine. qt5 is actually quite slim and nimble, if utilized correctly.  kind of disappointed that I couldn't run commands with arguments... though that maybe a plugin, I guess
i just noticed i get 'albert' from [URL] PPA, has a newer version
I've got 0.11 now - I see on github it's at 0.12. with a plugin called "terminal"
Anyone know how to transfer files to a virtual mschine from a host one using virtual box?
I've made a list of png files by using 'ls -AC1 > imagelist.txt'. I want to use each filename in that text file as the input parameter for a command ./iPhonePNG How can I pipe the output to that command?
try 'cat imagelist.txt |.  cat imagelist.txt. d'oh :-).  'cat imagelist.txt | ./iPhonePNG' - sorry - I'm apparently losing my ability to type :-)
chrissharp: It just reports back, "Usage: ./iPhonePNG <input>" Which means that no filename was passed to it.. chrissharp: You think I need to use xargs in there somehow... or?
hey all, I'd like to downgrade from ibex to hardy, is it as simple as changing 'ibex' to 'hardy' in the various sources list?
no
can you tell me what would be involved?
backup and full re-install
ok, thanks..  do all the dirs under my home folder get deleted? I read somewhere that they do not.
I can't unmount a drive. umount: /mnt/iso: device is busy
fuser -m /mnt/iso will tell you what's using it.
/mnt/iso: 5946c. what does that mean?
is there anyone who can tell me how to change "document author" that i create?. i started samba somehow and now what ever i do, create new file, commit something on github, it says that i did it as "[Samba guest account]" who can i change that?
maybe change the uid for the mount
hmm, who does those two things connect?.  if i "touch somefile" than "somefile" as Owner in "file properties" have " - Samba guest account"
a file that's in a samba share, or not?
where ever i create file under this user
in ~/ ?
has same Qwner. yes
and you're sure you're not logged in as a Guest or something like that?
well, i'm, since this username that i use is "older" than samba nstallation
hello, im going to install ubuntu for the first time on this laptop in five days. should i use wubi installer or burn and install from cd? (going dual boot), and is there any difference?
burn to CD if you can. You'l have to create partitions fro ubuntu though.
i had some problems with mbr when installing on other partition, but what is the difference between wubi and doing it manually?. (wubi does the same just automatically as i have understood)
wubi installs ubuntu in your windows installation. This means it uses ntfs as its file system. ext4 is better for ubuntu
Oh, i didnt know that
about mbr, if you are going to dual boot then install ubuntu's grub in mbr. it will automatically detect and add a windows boot line
Then i will try again. I will just shrink my disk and make a primary ext4 parition and shrink a swap primary partition, and just install on them? (and grub will automatically detect my win 7) , right?
it should
do i have to choose "side by side" when i run the ubuntu installer? or just choose advanced partitioning and chose the partition?. and when i do chose side by side, to i have to shrink and make the partitions before i run the installer?
advanced partitioning
i see. and both swap and the primary ext4 should both be "primary" ?
ul have to resize your windows partition if there is no space to install ubuntu.
i know, i use shrink to do that, i rezise so i get two partitions, one swap and one for the ubuntu os
not necessarily. they can be logical
what is best, logical or primary?
any of you guys played with unfs3? I'm trying to get my machines to mount nfs share but no matter how I edit /etc/hosts.{allow,deny} along with restarting networking it fails to mount because of denied permission
Hey guys, just installed ubuntu 14.04 server edition and I can't get my static networking up. I've edited the interfaces file to include the network interface along with the netmask, gateway, and IP address. After restarting the "networking" service, I don't get anything. netstat -nr is blank as well as the route command.
For the channel's info, is this a wired connection or WIFI you are attempting to activate ?
Wired
No GUI on this server, correct ? Then show us what you have for the control file in a pastebin ' cat /etc/network/interfaces | pastebinit ' . See if we can spot an error there .
That would run fine if I was connected to the internet :). I'll just type it up real quick
greetings. how can i get a USB wireless adapter to connect to a network on startup on 11.10?
What program do I have to use to change balance on my sound devices? I can't seem to do it on any settings or program I have on my menus
hi, I can't add any ppa, not from command line nor from Software&Updates. from commandline it just says Cannod add PPA and from Sofware&Updates when I add a ppa nothings happens.. I have 13.10 and based on what I've learned from searching about my problem I think I should mention I'm using dual boot
^^
for example for adding wine repo:. sudo add-apt-repository ppa:ubuntu-wine/ppa
Hi, I installed a fresh install of jaunty beta as a third partition - I have a partition of windows and then the partition that was intrepid upgraded to jaunty (broken) -- how do I remove the intrepid partition safely hopefully not harming the other two? (I'm always prepared and backed up but reinstalling is a paaainn)
rm -rf /jaunty-mount-point-here ?
how can I get the terminal to output the mount points
no display manager appeares, after dist-upgrade 11.04 to 11.10. no display manager appeares, after dist-upgrade 11.04 to 11.01. no display manager appeares, after dist-upgrade 11.04 to 11.01. no display manager appeares, after dist-upgrade 11.04 to 11.01. guys? plz help. please help. i cant use ubuntu anymore. i cant login to gnome
pulseaudio is screwing up my Ubuntu MacBook's sound (Sigmatel STAC9221) and I kill the process and Amarok can actually play a song finally. But I still can't hear it from my speakers with everything in alsamixer unmuted and turned up
hallo. if I want to use c/c++ plugin in eclipse what would you recommend how to install it? from software center or from eclipse itself?
better use the options within Eclipse.
are there known problems? well I tryed it from the software center and it didn't work like on my other distribution
I wouldnt know, I only develop Java in Eclipse, no other languages. If you set up the repositories in Eclipse correctly, it should be able to download the Eclipse specific parts.
allright. thank you
np :-)
may I ask another question? ^^
sure. If it has to do something with ubuntu, after all this is the ubuntu support channel.
it's more about eclipse
ok, but I think you will get more help on #eclipse. I am not a professional programmer. Just a student.
but kind of ubuntu too. anyways ... i installed open-jdk7 yesterday and alot of jdk6 packages came with it? is that normal? also after installing jdk7 und starting eclipse it tells me that I can't use jdk7 and I have to use jdk6
hello! Can you tell me, how to disable this "Unlock Keyring" message every time ubuntu starts?
if I want to update the wireless drivers in a laptop is "sudo apt-get install linux-backports-modules-cw-3.6-precise-generic" a generic command to do that via Terminal?
whats the output of: uname -r
3.8.0-35-generic
Is there a way to view the dmesg prior to the current running session? I want to see the last thing in it before the computer locked up
/var/log/<things> kernel mostly. One good idea is to use a remote server, this way both the disk and network need to be inaccessible for you to loose your log msgs. In dire situations serial ports(non-USB) are handy.
cheake: When the system locks up everything goes down, network included, and any files being accessed at the time in a few program become 0-lengthed
Hey all, I have another question... I'm trying to install nVidia drivers, and it says I cant be running an X server, so my question is how do I stop it?
can anybody explain to me why sudo chmod 644 /home/user/public_html/*.php -R doesn't seem to work as I expect...i.e. recursively from /home/user/public_html/ ???
is there any way to boot unutnu by using grub of fedora
edit menu.lst and put in the entry for Ubuntu?
i replaced the /boot partition of the ubuntu with /boot of fedora
that sounds a bit bad
i dont have any backup too
I need help installing openVC libary on Ubuntu 9.10.. How do I install it??
as described in the manual
I cant find the file to install it in the Synaptic Package Manager...
hi there, I'm trying to ssh with X forwarding from win 10 (cygwin) to Ubuntu 16.04. seems I have everything in place, X server running on win 10, I ssh with -X option, I export DISPLAY variable but I still cannot get any GUI application. for example, chromium-browser returns (chromium-browser:10276): LIBDBUSMENU-GLIB-WARNING **: Unable to get session bus: Unknown or unsupported transport 'disabled' for address 'disabled:'
i made a sh file, it does work when in teminal i do ./Virus_Scan.sh ... How can i make it so when i use "Files" from the launcher, find the file and doubble click it and it will open in a terminal.. Cant even get that far... and now close the terminal when the process is done?
I'm running 11.10 and I'm unable to use the chmod +a command to set acl permissions - does ubuntu not support it?
is the file in a directory that is not in your home?
I have a test file in my home directory that it's failing on
im supposed(according to a guide) to use chkconfig to do something, but i dont have chkconfig, is this normal?
you're probably reading the wrong guide
[URL] is the guide im reading
I've run sudo dpkg-reconfigure xserver-xorg and told it my preferable setting was 1600x1200@75, but even then after I restart xorg, the refresh rate is still at 60. What do I do? The [URL]nf seems to be right and had VertRefresh 50-85. Using the config tool doesn't help because it only gives me 60Hz as an option.
my applications are opening inder wine by default. normal executable file open by default under wine. how can i change them back to open as an application?
right click open with.  right click > properties > open with
yea but how can i make it open with itself. its an standard application
go where i said and try deleting wine from that list
ok
is there a reason ubuntu + nvidia drivers would default to Unity 2D?
the open source drivers are no where near as well suited to the task of 3d especially with nvidia
I'm currently running the proprietary nvidia drivers, should I be running the Nouvaou drivers instead?
